To stop, okay? So as I sort of think about, like, sort of a spectrum for these demand side levels, right, they go from like, really blunt, like, like big sledge hammers, to really subtle, okay, and so the really blunt one is, what? What do you think the most blunt demand side level is? The price, price, right? That's the bluntest demand side lever you can think of, right? So price is like way over here on the left. Okay, we're all price sensitive. Blah, blah, blah, so obviously it's very powerful level. But as we've discussed earlier in the class. This is a lever you want to use with caution, right? It's not necessarily the first lever you jump at the other side of this as you go, as you go further to the right. I want to talk about slight so today we'll talk about price finding, okay, we'll talk about, how do you operationalize price, right? What are kind of operational issues in thinking about using the price level? How impactful is it? So on and so forth. What are the risks, right? But then what I want to move on to, sort of next time, is to sort of think about two levers that are much more solid. Okay? The second lever is kind of thinking about your product portfolio, okay? And I want to sort of think about the product portfolio as a as a crucial demand side level. Now, if that's, if you're sort of asking someone, why is that great? Like, we'll spend time discussing, okay, the point is to sort of think about the product portfolio itself as a level, and we'll start to talk about this this next time. And the very, the very sort of thing at the very end, okay, is customer centricity. And this is basically thinking about managing to individual customers, right? So you're, you know, your telephone, and you're selling to every single individual customer you have, or your guava, and you're selling to every single customer you have. What does it mean to be customer centric? Okay? So this is kind of the spectrum. I want to talk about right. To be clear, this is kind of where we want to be right, given this suggestion, all right, but we're going to build up to being there by starting over here. Okay, so this is good. That's, that's kind of the, that's kind of the 20,000 foot game. So today's session, super simple. Okay, I want to kind of think through over the next 35 odd minutes about using price as a lever, okay? And the nice thing about this is about using price as a lever, not that I want to kind of keep coming back to like, sort of Zara, but there's a nice kind of end to end, sort of case study I want to talk about earlier, okay, and you know, it sort of nicely captures the promise in peril, so to speak. Of prices enough. Okay? And so, you know, this is, this is some work that bunch of us over here at MIT undertook like 15 odd years ago. Okay? It started 15 odd years ago, and then it ended like maybe five or six years later. Right? Was led by a colleague of mine, Jeremy Galleon, who since moved to Europe, okay, but basically, right. We talked about Zara, right. And we talked about how Zara does not like doing clearances, that they don't do active markdowns, right? They don't. Instead, what they do is right, you know, towards kind of the very end of the season, after the next sort of season has started up, right? We'll do a little bit of a clearance, okay? And so the way you should sort of think about the clearances, you know, this is sort of your regular season, and then in our clearance, there's like, this hodgepodge of, like, a few random things left over which they might offer to you, okay? And they don't always offer like, this is something that they might offer to you. And really, you know, what these guys wanted to do when they came to talk with Jeremy was to say, Hey, listen, how can we extract more value out of all the product that's kind of left over than the red, right? So, so I'm sitting on all this product, right? How do I extract as much value out of this product as possible? That's their task, right? That that was kind of what they what they wanted to do. Why were they, you know, why? Why did they, why did they even need to come and talk with someone, right? So as a company, right? They could work very, very hard in thinking about the product portfolio, which we're going to talk about next, right, not with Zara, but something else. But they're not really given much attention to this. It's not a core part of their business, right? And so the way these sort of clearances ran, the way these price markdowns ran, right, was, was largely intuitive, which is not great, right? So basically, people would look at slow movers, and then they discount these slow moves. Okay? And so what I would like to do is perhaps walk through like a clinical way of thinking about this problem, like think through that. And the reason I want to think through that is it's going to bring to bear already, sort of these operational tensions that arise when you're thinking about demand side levels, right? As I said, you know, as I said at the start of this, this, this discussion, you have nice frameworks for these demand side levers, but when you operationalize them, there's all these things that actually come into play that result in sort of non obvious tensions. And that's what I want to kind of bring to forward with the with the clinical example. And then we'll take this, we'll apply it to the Zara setting, and we'll ask about impact of it. So that's the game, okay, so, as I said, I want to talk through like a simple clinical example. And this is my simple clinical example. Okay, so, so imagine, okay, that we're talking about a single product, just for simplicity, right? Like, just to kind of think through this nicely, let's say we're talking about a single product, and we've started the season right with ordering 2000 units of this product, right? So I have 2000 units of this product is sitting on my shelf, right? My costs, have something, right? I paid for this. Okay, so it's worth. It worth nothing if I maybe get some salad for here, let's just say it's worth not. You know, after, after my, my selling season is done. So after these 2000 units, this is what I have available to sell. I can't be stock. I can't do any of those things, okay? And I start with pricing at $100 right? I sell this stuff at $100 and if I like, I can mark this product down. Okay? So I can mark it down to $90 $80 $60 as you know. And so, okay, and I have 16 weeks to sell this, right? Why? Because, after the 16 weeks, you know, the next batch of products, right? It's the next season, whatever right, like summer is done, fall has begun, or something like that. Okay, my goal is actually pretty simple. What I would like to do is extract as much value as possible, maximize revenues from 2000 years. Okay, actually, quick question, why am I maximizing revenues and not profitable? Cost is something, right? The cost is actually sunk away, right? I've already paid for the stuff. So what I've like, sunk cost fallacy, right? Like I've already paid for this, so what I paid for, it doesn't really matter anymore, right? Because I've already paid for it. Now I just need to kind of maximize what I can get out. Okay, so I'm trying to maximize revenues. Okay, how would you approach this? How would you guys want to approach this? Like, give me your thoughts, right? And this is a very fair question. Store managers were being asked to do this, right? So, so how would you how would you choose to approach this? Danilo, let me show for Okay, good, good. So I think we're going into the direction here. So you're saying, and we have to start at that foot price, right? You start at the food price, and then what do you want to do? Good, if they are going is expected to enterprise. Great, great, great, great, great, great. So what you're saying is you're going to pick a price right, 100 you're going to see what you sell, and then, basically, based on that, you make adjustments. That's that's your idea, right? Makes perfect sense. Let's make that weird. So let's say that, you know, in week one, Danilo, you sold, so you priced at 100 right? This is week one. You priced at 100 and then at the end of the week, you saw that you'd sold 64 units of the product. Okay, I made up this number 64 you'll see why later, because I worked out an example of this. But let's say you saw that you sold 64 units of this product, okay, Everybody see what I'm saying, right? Like we put that price of $100 we sold 64 units. What would you want to do? Why stop you're right, exactly. So 64 times 16 is like 1000 units, right? And you have 2000 units if you're at 64 and you're left with 1000 unsold units at the end. Okay, so basically, you drop price, and maybe you drop price too well.

Okay, because what

are you worried about is that if you experiment

too much, yeah, you may encourage some

consumers are gonna think, oh, it's always going down, which might go down. You're gonna wait to buy love. You

can't do it a lot. Okay, so I like that concern, by the way. That's a super important concern. I want to come back to that. Think about it carefully for now. Let's not right, like, it's complicated enough. Let's worry about, like, the behavioral aspects a little bit later, right? Let's just think about this mechanistically. So you're saying, basically, the crux of what you're saying is, right, like, you don't know if 90 is enough, right? Like, your worry is that even 90 may not be right. That's your concern. So thanks for you're running out of time, right? Okay, so Daniel has given us some really good ideas, right? We started at 64 and Danielle's idea is, you want to kind of track the rate at which you're solid, right? Because you don't want to be left with a bunch of stuff. Makes perfect sense, okay? But at the same time, like, you know, how do you know where to go from 100 so help me with that. How would you, how would you kind of figure out where to go from, you know, $100 i i think it's like experimentation doesn't want to do too much experimentation, right? Experimentation is expensive because, well, think about it as follows, right, like it's time, right? Like we have so much time left in the summer, or that we overlap, so every week that you kind of waste at the wrong price, at some level, you're kind of losing out. So experimentation costs, so yes, in the grand scheme of things, right? Like, it's the first time you're doing this, 100% you simply have to experiment, right? So experimentation is expensive. Let me ask you this, what are you trying to learn through experimentation? What do we pick up by doing experimentation? Okay, so you pick up something about this specific product, right? But what do you pick up more generally? Right? Like, what can I transfer so, right? Like, so here's this product. Let's say it's this healthy shirt, right, right. Like, you know, 660 $4.64 units, you know, the first week, if I experimented, sure I learned about the shirt. Especially, what do I learn about other? So perhaps, although this is kind of a fashion sort of thing where, you know, this is the first time I'm ever selling the shirt, and so I don't really know exactly what's going to happen, one thing I can learn from the other shirts and other stuff is price elasticity for that kind of stuff. Everybody see Derek's idea, right? So Derek is saying that, basically, you know, maybe we don't need to do experimentation. I can look at my historical data, and for my historical data, I can figure out price elasticity, right? And now, if I think about it, I know, you know what I sold at full price for this shirt. I know price elasticity for sure, and so I can kind of come up with a much more intelligent guess of what might happen at $90 at $80 and $60 that's the idea, right? Okay, let's work through that guess a little carefully. Okay, let's just make sure everybody's on the same page, right? So the idea, basically, that you're saying, is the following. So let's imagine that this is what our historical data looks like, right? And let me just orient you to this historical data. Okay, so what is this historical data telling us? This historical data is telling us that, you know, we've sold 15 other shirts in the past. Okay, we've sold 1515, other shirts in the past, and they've all been different, right? So if you look at the first column over there, that's the demand for the shirts at full price. And so it's very clear that these shirts are all very different from each other, right? Like, some of them are, like, super popular, like, you know, shirt number six or shirt number two or shirt number 11, these are clearly very popular shirts. You know, on the other hand, some shirts are not so popular, right? Like, shirt number eight, right? So the shirts are all very, very different from each other, right? However, what you'll notice is that the elasticities are relatively consistent, right? So, for instance, for shirts one through five, okay, we have data for these shirts at full price and at $90 right? And what you can see is that on average, when you go down by, you know, $10 demand goes up by 31% okay. So although the absolute sort of popularity of these shirts is can be quite different, right? The elasticities are pretty consistent, okay. And so what this is telling us that is that if you go down by by $10 you get a jump in demand of 31% okay. And you know, similarly, you have, you know, shirts that you sold at $100 now you're selling it at 80. So what this is saying is, if you go down $20 you get an average jump of 73% right? And similarly, over here, if you go down by, you know, 40% going from $100 to $60 you get, like a, you know, an almost tripling of demand. Okay, so, so demand goes up by 181% okay. So this was kind of Derek said, Hey, let's look at historical data, perhaps, right? And so we could look at historical data. This is our historical data, right now, given this historical data, right? And my example that I presented to Nilo, with which is, it's been week one, and I saw 64 units of sales, right? What is, what is my prospective view of what is going to happen if I price that say $90 or $80 camera? Yeah. I mean, you can think

about, like a slope of, like, going out at this time. What do I want? It to be at the end? Yeah, perfectly, perfect that. I think

that's exactly what the meals things, right? Like, basically, idea was I want to kind of manage what I have so that, like, basically, I just kind of get done with all this image, and we'll talk about that like more carefully in a second. But what was needed for his idea was a sense of, like, prospective demand, right? This is what I think demand equality, so I don't have to keep screwing around with experimentation. And my question, just to make sure we're all in the same filter here is okay, so if in week one, right, you sold 64 units, right? So say, in week one, we sold 64 units, right? What is your prediction for, what you would sell at $90 so this is at week one. This is at $100 how they got deleted, okay, so what? What is your prediction? What for, what would happen if you, if you, if you went to $90 Brandon increase, if we dropped the 90s Exactly, right? So your prediction, given this, is that you know, so at 100 you see 64 so your prediction is that at 90, you'll see 64 times you know, whatever, 31% right? So 64 times, 1.31 whatever that is, right? At 80 you're expecting 64 times 1.73 Thank you, right? And at 6281 Thank you, 64 times 2.8 right? So this is like, you know, this is like, a very simple predictive model, right? And of course, you could build much fancier models, right, like but here I just started thinking about just getting our ducks in a row, right? Very simple predictive model that says, Listen, I've got my historical data. Historical data told me what elasticity was. And now, you know, week one I saw, you know what things were like with this specific shirt, right? Not that great. 64 and this is kind of what I have. Okay, so I know that, you know this is, this is what I'm selling. Okay, so now, now we got this under control. We basically dealt with sort of the real sort of thing of, great. I know that $100 doesn't work. What should I go through? Right? Daniel, what do you think you should go I think you should do as an

optimization

problem, sure. So, so we can think about all that, but I want to just sort of that feels very mechanical, right? So I want, like an intuitive sort of idea, right? I think you are already giving me an intuitive idea, right? Hammer was as well, right? So now that we have this model in front of us, how do you want to adjust price? Garrett, well, I have 16 weeks to sell. Yeah. Okay, good. So basically, you're saying maybe what we want to do is pick a price, right, so that we kind of sell out in exactly 16 weeks. And here it's looking like probably $80 is my guess, right? Something like that. Maybe a little, okay, and so you're saying, Oh, they pick this price so that we sell everybody clear on the idea, right? So let me just repeat the idea, right? The idea was we looked at our current sort of velocity at which we were selling, and we wanted to control the velocity at which we were selling so that at the end of the season, we were left with no inventory. That's the idea. Everybody clear on this idea? Now let me point out some issues with this idea. This is a very natural idea, to be clear. Okay, so now, let me point out some issues with this idea. What if? What if? Okay, instead of starting out with 2000 units of inventory, you started out with 200,000 units of inventory, the demand was 64 units, just a thought experiment, just a thought experiment. Yeah, probably get out of that business, right? I agree, but it's a thought experiment. I think it's a good thought experiment, right? So what would, what would danilos and Cameron's and Gary's idea have us do? If I followed your idea, what kind of price would I post? Like, super, super low right? Like, super, super low price, right? Actually, take this to the extreme. Let's take this to the extreme. So you had, like, infinite inventory, correct? What price would you have to post zero? That can't make sense, right? Everybody see the issue here? Okay, there's something wrong, right? There's something wrong. There's clearly something wrong. So there's something missing from our idea, right? But it can't be that you're only managing velocity. Because if you are only managing velocity, when you think about my extreme case, or you add a infinite amount of inventory, the price you post will be zero. Clearly, you can't make money. That can't possibly be the right answer. So there's something wrong with Rs. Everybody with me, right? At least everybody recognize the problem, right? So there's a natural thing of like, let's sell out. Is this? Whatever? Something off? Okay, you need to maximize revenue, and you have a constraint that is the amount of inventory. Yeah,

so you're figuring out for the different discounts that you're giving, if how much you will sell at that price, if you have enough. So if you stock out, that's your limit.

Let me try and say what you're saying. Maybe we'll do this in line with what you're saying. But notice, actually what's going on, right? We're treating inventory in the middle of Swift and the dealer sort of setup as almost something we have to get rid of, right? Do we have to get rid of all of our inventory? No, right? We don't. Who said that's another form of some cost, right? So the inventory doesn't matter, though, right? It does matter. So on the one hand, to Andre's point, right? You could almost think of the inventory as being a sunk cost. You know? What would it do with this? Like I'm here, right? So where does so then now I say that the inventory doesn't matter at all, but I can't feel right either, right? Because what if now I go in the other direction, and I said I only have five units left, clearly I wouldn't drop my price, right? So everybody see this? It looks like this is what's going on over here, right? Is, on the one hand, the inventory matters only if it skips right. So the inventory kind of matters here, only if it skips right. But there's a point at which you have so much inventory that you don't need to kind of care about this, right? And this is some cost thinking that actually matters, right? So both these things kind of happen right at some level. And so now we can kind of think about this, and like our hands are going to start to spend a little bit right? So this is where what I'd like to do is, kind of, now come back to what you know, the new apartment earlier, which is to say, Okay, it looks like, right? We have an objective and we have constraints. Why don't we think about it, right? That's a very clear way of expressing the problem, right? Because otherwise, right, we're dealing with this weird kind of setup where inventory matters, but only if it skips. And I was like, only if it scares what it scares you to me. So you know, we'll just go around, right? But I think we understand things conceptually, right? The conceptual story is just to just to retrace the conceptual stories. The intuitive thing to do over here is to say, I've got all this inventory. Let's get rid of it, right? And very quickly we can check our thinking that, yeah, but what if I think to the inventory that clearly can't be the right recipe, because then you have the price of zero and more. I everything that's not so clearly, and what's going on there, yeah, everything related to that whole Sun cost business. So that's why we kind of go, on the other hand, we also know there's another dynamic, right, which is that basically, if inventory is very scarce, then selling inventory really cheaply, let's say to Yasmin over there, right? Hurts my ability to sell, you know, inventory to kind of a high roller, like in the future, right? And so that's another dynamic going on over here, and that dynamic only kicks in if you have so little inventory that Yasmin's demand from inventory impacts money. Everybody see what I'm saying. So there's a point at which inventory is so scarce that people start competing for it. And that's where, you know, we can get deployed. That's where we really need to sort of worry about that inventory. That's kind of what's going on here. And notice that this issue is an issue we think about precisely maximum gravity, right? So demand curve, p times demand, or whatever the inventory kind of and so that's what we deal with.

Michael theoretical case, because inventory didn't have it's not a natural disaster. We ordered that inventory, right?

And, of course, if we have

Yeah, supply and demand, so, so we're now going to be good. Actually, I think other people should have answered this question. So why is it that you should answer that question? Why? Like? Why? Would it be that, like, I don't have the right amount of English or too little Yeah, so you know the

answer to say, mistake. Okay? That's just as a thought experiment. That's just a thought experiment, right to sort of say that, like, hey, clearly this notion of selling out can't be right, right? Because if selling out was the right thing to do that, let's say, God, you know, God forbid we had this huge amount of inventory, prices would go in the wrong direction. It's just to kind of give us a sense that that can't possibly be the right that's what be the right. You wouldn't expect that. You wouldn't expect that good. Okay, so what we got to do over here, right? Because we need to say, Listen, this is an optimization problem, so let's treat it like one, right? So as it is an optimization problem, what are our decision variables? If you want to think about this as an optimization problem, what's my decision so I could

sort of think about it like that, but I don't quite control the number of units sold, right? But what do I control? Price I control how long I keep the price at 100 how long I keep the price at whatever 90, at 80 and 60 and so that's what I control, right? That's in microphone. Everybody agree? Yeah. So basically, I'm going to say, Listen, my decision variables are, let's call it x sub 100x sub 90x sub 80x sub 60, and this is what number of weeks at $100 right? This is number of weeks at $90 right? This is number of weeks at $60 Okay, so these are my decision variables. Okay, good, so we'll get to actually the objective at the end. Because a little bit tricky. Let's start thinking about some constraints, right? If these are my decision variables. What are my constraints? Let's start with English, right. But what are my constraints in English? James, number of units of inventory. Okay, so I have only 2000 units of inventory to sell, right? I have limited inventory to sell. Okay, so two constraints are constraint one, limited inventory and so you can kind of think about this constraint as saying, you know, units sold had better be less than equal to 2000 Okay, so that's one constraint. What's the other constraint? I have only 16 weeks. Yeah, I've got limited inventory and I have limited time, right? So total time less than equal 16. Everybody good with this, right? I have limited inventory of limited time. Let's write down these two constraints. Okay, so let's do the limited time one first, right? So that's that's relatively straightforward, and so I want to say total selling time less than equals 16 weeks. What is total selling time in terms of these decision variables? It's simply the sum, right? The total time I'm selling is the number of weeks at 100 plus the number of weeks at 90 plus the number of weeks at 80 plus the number of weeks at 60, right? So the total number of total amount of time I'm selling is x sub 100 plus x 90 plus x 80 plus x 60, and we want this quantity be less than equal what 16, right? Because I have only 16 weeks. Everybody good with this constraint. Questions about the constraint. Questions about the constraint aside.

Okay, does the constraint make sense? Right? So we're saying I have 16 weeks to sell. On the left hand side, this is the total number of weeks where I sell. Okay, so we've got the limited time thing down right. So we've dealt with this. Now we need to worry about limited inventory. This is a little bit trickier. Okay, this is a little bit trickier, because if I think about this, this unit sold is kind of a predicted quantity, right? Yes, because I don't know what I'm going to sell for sure, right? I don't know what I'm going to sell for sure, so I have to somehow predict the units I'm going to sell as a function of how long I'm selling, at 100 and at 90, at 80 and so forth, right? Okay, so let's break this down, right? So let's say that, let's say that, you know you were pricing at, you know, $100 for two weeks, right? So how much inventory would you be selling at $100 Shut up. So up. So you're basically saying take the number of weeks you are selling at $100 that was x sub 100 right? That's the number of weeks you're selling at $100 times the rate of demand at $100 and the rate of demand at $100 was what, 64 right? So that's going to be 64 Okay, so this is kind of the inventory I'm going to sell at $100 x of 100 times 64 right? How would you get the amount of inventory you sell at $90 Yeah, go ahead. Here. Good times, yeah, times the amount of time I sell at $90 right? So x sub 90 is the number of weeks I sell at $90 right? And I know that when I sell at $90 I sell 84 units a week, right? So X of 90 times 84 plus, you know the amount of time I sell at $80 that's x sub 80. When I sell at 80 or $80 I sell 111 units a week, right? So I multiply that by 111 and then the number of weeks I sell at 60x sub 60. And when I sell at $60 I sell 180 units. Okay, so this is kind of my prediction of how much I'm going to sell, right? And this has to be what, what is the constraint on this can't be more than 2000 right? This is sort of my inventory constraints. So it's like, this can't be more than 2000 good. So we got that constraint. The last thing is my objective, right? I need an objective now, right? So I've got to maximize revenue, right? I have to maximize revenue. So my objective is, I want to maximize revenue, right? And so now I need an expression for revenue. The expression for revenue is very similar to the expression for the unit sold, right? I just need to tweak this expression by multiplying each term by the dollar value that you would get right. So for instance, what is the pointer? Right? For instance, over here, right? This stuff, I would get $100 per unit over here, right? And here I get $90 per unit. Here I get $80 per unit. Here, I get $60 per unit, right? So my revenue over here is going to be, well, you know, x sub 100 number of weeks I sell at $100 times 64 units a week, times $100 per unit, plus right. X sub 90. Number of weeks I sell at 90 times 84 units is what I predict to sell per week, I'm selling at 90 times $90 right? Plus x sub 80 times 111 units. That's what I sell per week at $80 right? And I get $80 per unit, plus last 1x sub 60 number of weeks I sell at $60 I sell 180 units a week, I'm going to $60 a year. Everybody doing this, okay? Just a linear program, by the way, if you get following that, that's fine, right? It's not like the task, okay, right? But my point is that this is a way of kind of like just expressing the issues we were discussing earlier, right? So just cleaning all this up, right? These were our variables, these were our constraints, which we kind of wrote down. I'm just writing down cleanly right. Limited Time, 16 weeks, I have 2000 units of inventory to sell, right? And so if I run that down as one linear optimization problem, I've got the probability right. If I'm maximizing revenue, I have limited time, and I have only 2000 units to solve. By the way, of course, you want the x's to be non negative. I've just not written that down, okay? So I can take a program like this, right, and I could solve it, right? So I could solve it, I could throw it into like linear programming, solve in Excel, or whatever. You guys have used this and I put this into Excel. This is what Excel gives me as an answer. Okay, so it says X sub 100 should be one. It says X sub 90 should be 0x, sub 80 should be 11, and X sub 60 should be four. Okay, so what is that strategy telling us, like express the strategy to be in English, right? So, Danilo, since you started this discussion, I want to come back to come back to you to kind of end this piece of it, right. We started. We saw week one and 64 we good, right? What do you do? Week two, lower to 80. And the current plan is, keep my path for 11 weeks, right? And then we do the last four weeks. You'll switch down to six. Okay, I want to ask you one last question and then be quick. Okay, so this I just, I could do this right at the end of week one. How can you make the performance of this even better?

Good job. Did you agree? Though,

right? So what I'm saying is, how do we make the performance of this battle? What's weak about this? What what's not perfect about what we just did? Andre your discount

doesn't need to be doesn't need

to be Oh, sure, I could always pick more prices. Let's say, for whatever reason, right? Consumers want, like, clean discount levels, and we're stuck with this. You're right. We might need to think about the price menu. Let's go back to the side. What I'm asking is, what's imperfect about this optimization that I did over there's something that's imperfect about right? What's the imperfect ingredient here the day? I guess. So the idea of weekdays and weekends is sure, sure, I could always update prices like every day or every minute, or something like that, right? So maybe that's the thing. But again, that's a cost update this. People don't like seeing continuous changes, whatever. I can only do it every week. I asked a very simple question, and I wrote down this optimization problem, what was not perfect about it? What was the imperfect degree? Okay. Yeah, exactly right. So if I think about my demand model, right, my demand model was an estimate based on historical data, on elasticity, and week one of it, right? So what's the benefit of doing this, like in week two? In week two, what do you get in week two that you did not have in week one? More real data, right? And so I asked that, thank you. And so what you would do is, in week two, you just repeat this process. You said, I have more data. I refine my model, solve a new optimization problem, rinse and repeat. Okay, so, okay, this is a very clean recipe, right? What I want to do when we come back, okay, on Monday is start up with saying what exactly so Zara basically implemented roughly this. Okay, I'll share the technical paper with you right over the weekend, in case you're curious, right? But Zara implemented exactly what I want to start with on Monday is the returns to doing right? So I want to discuss the returns to doing this. And then I want to sort of discuss, like, you know, what are the risks, right? And then hopefully talk about more refined ways of managing, okay, thank you guys so much. Applause.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
