Speaker 1  0:00  
Take a few minutes. And I hope you found the discussion around biobot and Usha kind of interesting. I think that that's just as opposed to, you know, sometimes we have founders in class, it's like, oh, they're scaling up roof. And I think you should was like, Uh oh, they got, you know, incredible high point, but also some real challenges. And I want to just kind of discuss for three or four minutes. It's kind of organized in your head. What is like one thing you took away, and maybe you could also, is there anything you kind of really agree with? How was there anything you kind of disagree with, like, in terms of how they approach things? Let's take two or three minutes. Figure out one more.

Speaker 2  1:00  
I want to join your discussion, yes, so I missed the previous class. Okay, do you attend the previous class?

Unknown Speaker  1:18  
You have nothing we can talk about. So can you tell us what happened Angie? You know Angie

pranit  1:28  
I play squash

Unknown Speaker  1:30  
with? Oh,

pranit  1:32  
all right. Do you remember we played squash together?

Speaker 3  1:34  
Yeah, no, I might have had Lacey, but I know, I know you. Who's better? She's really good. No, you working on, like, Tell us, tell us. They were working in the lab. So the case was very much describing how these two girls were, like working with the research, like they were, one was a PhD, another one, and it was about like picking up on pathogens in the wastewater. So then they were thinking, they can make a company out of it, whereas all their supervisor is sort of saying, and then one of the directions that they were deciding to take them was like, Who do we sell to? So they were focusing on selling to governments. And one of the things that there was a person who said there's very much, like, trends in government spending. Because, like, if something is, I think my takeaway was, like, there was one priority the government has, like, one priority, if it's covid, then they're going to focus on covid. And so if you can, like, pick up covid bacteria in the water, then it's, like, really valuable. But then as soon as that's over, they're gonna look somewhere else. So I think they're kind of like they were presenting it as a success story, but they're kind of struggling. So you got some takeaways, like in this, like private, public collaboration,

pranit  2:54  
oh, struggling because it was too specific the covid. No.

Speaker 3  2:57  
I mean, it's hard to sell to government, the government, they were kind of presenting it as very much, join

Unknown Speaker  3:05  
us, to join us.

Unknown Speaker  3:12  
So what do you learn? My

Unknown Speaker  3:15  
perspective, you don't need to have a clear idea

Speaker 2  3:20  
to move forward, they screw up. I mean, that's like every startup, right? Good or bad idea, right? You know?

Speaker 3  3:29  
I guess this was an example of something where you put, like, you have an idea, you have something like a research thing that you know, like you know what you can do, but you don't know for who you can use it. So instead of a market pool, the market wants something. This was like a push, innovation, push.

pranit  3:54  
Very joyful,

Speaker 4  4:01  
okay? So she mentioned that initially, they went to this government officials and show them a major option of what their technology threshold. But that didn't work because they would still won't qualify for example. So if you want to solve for this virus, you should have a person X, and then they then just test that. And as government officials, what was their key priority, and then they got for just to understand customer demand,

Speaker 1  4:42  
right? Do you remember, like, Does everyone remember the taxi case, right, with Gustavo and Aisha earlier in the semester? Remember that there's, like, this really Micro Case, like, it was almost like, Well, how could that be a big venture? But a big part of the case was really, had to listen to the user, customer, and you're a little bit like, oh, well, maybe that's Uber driver. It turns out, most people, when you talk to them, if you come in with a really complicated thing that they have to sort they just their mind turns off. They're like, Oh, that's not my department, you know. But if you sit there and I completely agree one thing that you really like just right, that she got exactly right was just what's your problems? What's the biggest priority you have, and then just let people kind of talk at you around. Is that kind of what you were saying? Yeah, I thought that was a pretty interesting switch that they did. Okay, what else did you guys take away for good or for bad?

Speaker 3  5:46  
Yeah, the saving trends. Who was safe to come forward, who was nice.

Unknown Speaker  5:51  
Everyone can hear

Speaker 3  5:54  
someone should be accredited with having said already that there's like trends in government spending. And I think I took away. I've learned that priorities came to the language like priority, you have one priority, and it seems that the government kind of is one of the people players who have one priority.

Speaker 1  6:16  
Yeah, I thought it was pretty interesting that our discussion like what happened to biobot was not completely like they were living from crisis to crisis. Let's hope the world doesn't have more crisis. Oh, my goodness, we have the dog, right? You're right, right? And it was a forecastable problem, because there are certain high procurement that is very, very regular, you know, text, you even see that with Michael Martin in rapid SOS where they're now, right? Because they're going to be emergency all the time, or, if you're in Defense Act, the US has an almost infinite demand for stuff, you know, saying for just crap. Sorry guys, but you agree, there's a lot of demand for a lot of things, right? And it's a lot, but the kind of thing they were going after was, fundamentally, was like a political discussion that then convened into these things, okay, so and so that turned out not even though it was kind of great when it happened in bed, in society, good for them as a company. That was a pretty hard road to hub. Any other thoughts really grind through this throughout and initially starting with just one more week that

Speaker 4  7:42  
you is the quality of human health, and with that, they

Speaker 1  7:48  
have gifted so many times, yeah, I mean, like, that's not the fact, on the one hand, impressive, is it? You know, they're now 10 years into this, right? MIT PhD, MIT master's degree, and they are still like just barely scraping by. Let me start. The impact they've had is very, I think, fulfilling to them, but also, I think there's a gap there on the economic Right. Right? Is that a fair statement here? Any other thoughts? Do you think she took that one of the things

Unknown Speaker  8:31  
was their opioid, covid, yeah, and now they're in the pharma, right? So it was in August.

Speaker 1  8:43  
On one thing I do love about the case, as it was, driven by former student of ours who's out with Harvard Business School. One thing I really love is that everything that they've ever like, they've done all these pivots, which we're going to talk about later today, but actually all those pivots are in the slide deck from 2016 like every move they made is kind of one of the verticals they considered at that time. And it's just kind of like, if they could only do one at a one at a time, and I think you're a new you're right, they kind of, they have had this, but, like, that's a feature of a human being, right? Not every, not everyone is adaptable. Is that, I feel

Speaker 5  9:23  
like one of the biggest takeaways is just that the tech push, when you have technology and you're trying to find out where in the market is just so much harder than working backwards from a real problem, they're playing at whack and all of all these kind of half worth problems getting over and over and over because, like, you know, the government is not breaking down your door asking specific advice. Nobody even really care to kind of advertise

Speaker 1  9:49  
it. So this is, I'm almost hearing this on this disagree call, right? Did they fall right? Basically, she admitted she fell in love with her technology, right? Carla, she got into Carl arati's lab, right? You just had him and you Carl Roddy is. Do you guys know who he is? How many people you know that name outside this class? He's one of the more prominent people at MIT. He just closed, I think last week, he was the director of the Venice Biennial, which is a very fancy thing that I can't tell you anything else, but I know it's super fancy, you know, I'm saying like, it's very high class architecture and art and design, but they fell in love with the tack rather than focusing right. And so like, all that grind right was in service of basically making sure that the thing they, you know, basically, they're doing exactly the same thing that they did in 2014 which is a weird so, like, they're super adaptable where it goes, but not so adaptable well, like, the time. Okay, very good. So we're gonna have a kind of complicated case to that class today, because we have a lot of work to do. So first we're gonna kind of spend a little right So believe it or not, we write sometime in before break, we got into IP strategy, and we kind of did these deep dives around the entrepreneurial strategy review, anything. But what I want to do is, I do want to kind of deepen right now. It's right. We're going to think about, how do we choose among them, and we're going to put that into this broader frame of what we call test two, choose one. We're going to kind of think about the logic to have a little bit more. Do you agree with it? Like, what's the role of your experiments? Is it to, like, drive one decision or some surface options. Is it you think you're gonna come up with an experiment that tells you what to do, or basically just kind of identifying apps? And then we'll kind of think about, okay, now imagine the strategy is getting going, how do you pivot? And what's the cost of that, and what does it work, and when doesn't it? And then we'll spend a little bit time towards the end, a little bit on scaling, and then I'll make sure. We'll close today with a little bit of just narration of what we're going to do over the next two weeks. So far, so good. So I think this is the first slide of the course, so for a long time, right? The idea of this course is, you know, a little bit we're taking together either a problem to be solved, something we think missing in the marketplace, or some technology that we're pushing out, or some mix thereof, you know, I'm saying, Oh, I think AI is going to be good to, you know, help with course catalogs and universities. You know, I'm saying that was something somebody was telling me earlier today. I was like, Okay, I'm not sure that's a full startup. Maybe it is. There was no secrecy, okay, and so, but the point being, maybe that's gonna work. Maybe it's not. There is definitely a real problem that no one can figure out the courses, right? Okay? And then we're gonna do learning experimentation, and we're ultimately choose, and then scale the strategy and right? A kind of key idea that we've been trying to push throughout this is that if you are pursuing an idea that actually has some life, that's actually good, there are going to be multiple alternatives. On the other hand, I'll just go back to jared's point. If you're pursuing something that might be very interesting to you, but for which there's no particular market that works, you can grind and be incredibly gritty for 10 years. And let me clear, they did a wonderful thing during covid. But the fact is, the economics of that business are challenging today. Do you know what I'm saying? Right? So conditional on validated, if you're doing something interesting that you think could be a real company, then there should be kind of multiple tasks. And a particular way we thought about that is to kind of just navigate around this entrepreneurial Strategy Compass and think about different, kind of closely connected question was that, no, no, that was that wasn't your I know each of these strategies that are each based on each strategy is based on a value capture, value creation hypothesis, and then you kind of try to line up your choices as close as possible to make it actually true, that you're validating how you create value, how you capture value, if you do those two things, you make money, and you build your firm, and you scale and have the impact that you're hoping. Okay, and you don't want to have to go through these in detail. Just this is just kind of, we went through all of them, and just kind of, let me kind of say it in a slightly different way, which is, depending on which strategy you're planning on exploring, you would leverage different resources around MIT. And so, you know, like first where's the first place you go the Trust Center, right? A Trust Center has lots of resources, lots of energy, and it's a good first step for everything. But the trust enterprises strengths, which are definitely in the world of customer, and you heard her talk about that, that right, working through the computer philosophy was really good for that. But, you know, I love bill. There's bill a lot, but Bill does not like intellectual property. If your full thing, your venture depends on navigating some complex intellectual property, it'll be like one it won't work. And B, there are other resources on campus right the MIT tal Lomo has a lot of resources around them. They help mostly faculty, but also students, those big architectural strategies, that big, ambitious play that we've been talking about that's basically, right, what those deep tech ventures at the engine? That's what they're all about. And the playbook that the engine is about is very much more along that line. Now, of course, does that mean you're excused from customer discovery? No, it does not. Of course, you have to do that, but there's a bunch of other things you have to get done to make that kind of engine type play kind of work value chain, right? I was interested. What I'm going to ask is, I think, in fact, I know that biobot was helped by all these different resources at different points of their journey, right? One of the great innovations on this campus. I remember, I was totally skeptical when they set this up. Was the startup exchange at the industrial Liaison Program. I was like, Oh, I'm not sure we'd be so good at linking startups with big firms, and they've just done a really good job of doing that. That's a little bit less visible to students. But if you're actually starting a company and you think you're going to need to work with the big companies. The startup exchanges are really nice, right? Venture mentoring service and startup exchange are really well positioned. I should have put that little icon on there. And then, right? If you're just going to do disruption, get to market, get ahead, stay ahead in competition. You know, in some sense, that playbook right from the Trust Center is incredibly, novel, and it's very valuable, no matter what. Everyone so far so good. Okay, so, like, that's just kind of put things together. And so then the question is, what I want you to think about now is, okay, you're about to found a venture. Can you even think it through the venture that you're starting to discuss in terms of your project, you're saying in terms of consulting projects, in two weeks. So think about it that way. And the question is, which one should you choose, or how would you choose among them? And so what I want you to do is just take so this I really do give you groups of three or four, and I want you to take a little time and don't think about how to organize this, and I'll do it this way. And what I want you to do is, each group, you don't have any group here, choose one strategy, and I want you to have a discussion of a real situation which, yeah, a real situation where you would say, if you know, if we face this kind of market or this kind of situation, or grinding me of this kind of startup, I would definitely like try that structure playbook, or I try the architecture playbook, or whatever playbook you want, or I or maybe I do some combination. Did you see what I'm saying? But what I want you to do is kind of say, what's a situation where you try it. And I would also love a situation where you're like, No, can go, does that sound? Just to make it really concrete, so why don't you take like, four or five minutes on that? Yeah, I think it'll work. So take four or five minutes. We'll and we'll come back. So pick one of them. It's

Speaker 2  18:46  
easier that way. Oh yeah, the way you took notes is so cool. What app were using obsidian? What is that I need to learn? What is this I

pranit  18:57  
will text you later as chat, GPT.

Speaker 2  19:00  
There were you're gonna do all of them. All right, with the help of chatgpt, we can do it.

pranit  19:09  
I'm recording, and I have some documents of Scott's framework.

Speaker 2  19:18  
You know, there's a website about his book, yeah, okay, cool.

pranit  19:37  
While I'm doing the think thing we should divide and conquer

Unknown Speaker  19:42  
when the strategy makes sense, I know when,

pranit  19:46  
yeah, think about disruption. I'm most curious about this because Scott is skeptical

Unknown Speaker  19:52  
when there's a fragmentation.

Speaker 6  20:17  
Other strategies. Strategy.

Speaker 2  20:30  
Okay, so Okay, when disruption makes sense, when there's a low fragmentation, meaning like Monopoly side. So it pays to be a disruptor, I guess, because they only feel big players.

pranit  20:45  
So Uber is one example of disruptors, right?

Speaker 2  20:48  
Yeah. Netflix, is it a disruptor? Yes, it is a disruptor. Yeah, they disrupted the whole rental business. I think from his flights, I think

pranit  21:08  
yeah, because what I was thinking was you need to have a new user for the disruptor. And

Speaker 2  21:13  
do you need a new user? I think so. I think

pranit  21:17  
this side architecture and disruptor is new user, yeah, and this side IP and value chain is existing user

Unknown Speaker  21:28  
in here.

pranit  21:30  
Yeah, this new user and existing user.

Speaker 2  21:34  
Okay, okay, you mean new users and new to the platform, because it's a new tech, right?

pranit  21:39  
Yeah. Okay, here we go. Okay, examples, examples for the disruptors are here, Netflix, Zipcar, Salesforce, Amazon, Skype and oDesk. So I think summarizing

Unknown Speaker  22:01  
yourself, summarizing yourself.

pranit  22:04  
I think when it would work well is a lot of you need to execute

Unknown Speaker  22:09  
meaning like, good execution, yeah,

pranit  22:12  
so lower market uncertainty in some sense, like,

Unknown Speaker  22:18  
what about entry barriers?

pranit  22:19  
That's a good question, because the thing is, your value ultimately is value create, multiply by value capture. So my point is, if the value you create is super big by executing, and by executing, if you can capture a lot of it, like Uber versus Lyft, for instance, then you should do it. But there are some very risky markets, and customer also changes, right? Yeah, so even though you're the first one who created this whole value, like the second, second mover advantage, yeah,

Speaker 2  22:57  
but to be honest, right now, I use this lift more than Uber. I'm overwhelmed, because their prices

pranit  23:03  
is so high. Uber is high. Yeah,

Speaker 2  23:07  
everyone is there, yeah, so and I think, I think entry barrier is when disruption doesn't work. Is it true?

pranit  23:19  
It's answering in Korean, unless you know Korea.

Unknown Speaker  23:26  
Okay, that's cool.

pranit  23:34  
Is it answering anything? No,

Speaker 2  23:38  
it is just it is answering based on Your research, right?

Speaker 1  23:57  
The is that your first child, yeah, your first child, congratulations. Okay, very, very good. So any thoughts like, what was your favorite? Was it a strategy you kind of like, and the situation you could think about it in, and maybe also a situation where you're like, actually, I wouldn't do it. Thoughts we've been working these a while. So what's the situation where you might

Speaker 7  24:36  
so I think we went for like, the disruption strategy, right? Then you can write that curve to basically disrupt and take value away from the Okay.

Speaker 1  24:53  
So, so that's actually a really right if you believe, and this is a little bit like, contrary to Jared, right? If you believe there's this emerging technology that's just going to take over, right? That has a chance to take on the world, you can write under certain right? You have to do a lot of stuff, but that's the wind at your back, right? And so that you can ride that s group. There's other ways of managing that s group, but absolutely okay, I like that. What's the situation which you wouldn't use a disruption

Speaker 7  25:27  
bar if, if there's no new technology, obviously, if the status quo, there's no new technology that's emerging, and if there's a situation where the incumbents have really cornered the market, without

Speaker 1  25:40  
that, but then how much part of the market, and there's no new technology, there's nothing wrong. Should you be doing a venture in the first place? You sign up for that job at Goldman Sachs and be very happy with your life? Okay? No, being serious, right? Entrepreneurship Eve always has to be prompt, right? There has to be real opportunity to win. Do you see what I'm saying? You better see it. We'll talk about that on on Wednesday, when we're doing our little Bayesian thing. Yeah, over here.

Speaker 1  26:24  
Right, if the incumbent like it doesn't matter if there's some great new technology merging, if the incumbent is likely to be able to bring it on board that actually, right, we need a little bit more, like, there's just a little bit more you have to put on it to get to that. That doesn't mean it never happens, but you got to run good, right, so, but if you combine new S curve, and this is going to throw the incumbents into knots, then you're really right. So a lot of things, for example, right today, and say, FinTech, right, definitely merging tech, and also all the regulation and existing rules and whatever create, created just tremendous opportunities for startups to get their foot in the door. Okay, anyone want to try anything, not disruption, let's try to anyone which is obviously life sciences and public

Speaker 8  27:20  
damage is obviously licenses, licensing. It is obvious that you need to use it, but there are no products and obviously so that the in

Speaker 1  27:35  
case is pretty obvious, right? So the use this is a pretty like, oh, you situation. Is there any downside? So what would you not use? Pretty easy. Well, let's make sure we get first the what? Well, if,

Speaker 8  27:51  
if southern countries don't recognize the collection in the first place, which happens to some extent, life sciences, some countries do not recognize that extending populations and

Speaker 1  28:02  
stuff, right? So if you're entering a market with no IP, this strategy could have something right? It would be really hard to really hard, and that's been a global challenge, right? For many, many years, though, things have gotten better with trips and the consequences over time, or if there's no way I key available, right, right? So there, but there could be places which is really hard to control and stands execution oriented play absolutely any owners you love to the value chain strategy. Thank you. Come to the rescue.

Speaker 9  28:39  
Here we went back chain. When you identify a way to make a current chain more efficient, so your product's not necessarily disrupting, but you're just adding,

Speaker 1  28:51  
interestingly, this is to Jared. Now we're back to Jared point. This is the world, if you ever have some notion that you're going to solve a problem, I'm saying that probably isn't part of a bigger system. You can solve that problem. You can build a really great company out of it. But guess what? If you're in competition with those incumbents, they're just going to say, Oh, thank you for pointing out this good process, and they're gonna take it. They're gonna eat your lunch. Is that fair kind of logic, right? So once again, now sometimes right, very often, we're gonna be able to kind of conjure up a playbook that looks like, Oh, should we be competing or cooperating, right? And I'll come back to that in just a second. You could imagine either is going to work, but it's definitely the case that if you right. So when we'll come back, we'll talk about pill pack, you know, just kind of revisit that. But they definitely were solving a problem that multiple medication adherence, and they kind of spent a lot of time thinking, should they be solving the problem in the industry, or should they be solving the problem in opposition to the industry? Everyone? So far, so good. Okay. Anyone want to try for architectural here's how you make billions of dollars all over like, you know, all these tech giants, that's what they are. They're big architectural strategy, right? Big platforms. Everyone's like tech carriers, at least going to try.

Speaker 2  30:18  
My thing probably will flourish when that's a network effect on the marketplace, when it's important

Speaker 1  30:35  
to add volume world. So if I mentioned this book, and maybe Alexis will send out the link. There's this great book the cold start, right? And sort of one of the things, right? It's by a former, I think, product manager, Senior Product Manager, Uber in the early days. And it's kind of like the pretty much, it's the best book that's out there on, kind of the playbook for architectural platform plays, as understood by practitioner. You don't say and, but it's like reason. It's quite interesting, you know, saying quite excellent. And the key insight is that most of the time is a startup. It's really hard to be a platform market because of what he calls the cold start problem. You know, if you need to put together buyers and sellers, and you have neither buyers nor sellers, you've got a problem. And somehow those, or those champagne fair mayors, somehow got it going, because the circumstances were right. And actually took, like, I made this out, like it was really easy, but it took, like, 100 years and, like a few wars before they really got going, you see what I'm saying. But also they had the Knights also would occasionally kill people, so that really helped with the enforcement. Okay, okay, no word, okay, but so frank. But if you see a way of solving the cold start problem, for example, by creating really compelling value for one side of a market that once you get it, you can get to the other side. Who's probably the best, the person who did that best in the last 25 years, there's one person who, like completely solved one side of the market in a compelling way. You make no money from it, but then is now one of the richest people on the face of the earth. Marks, what Facebook? Yeah, that's right, Facebook, like, just be clear, you could align or not like other parts of Facebook, but their entrepreneurial strategy was there to be, like his dispatchment, right? They understood very early on that it was super valuable that people would totally, totally want to be have a platform with their friends on it, and that if you could do that, you overcome the scamminess of what that kind of social media, and then you could put ads on top, and then somehow, over time, it's all been broken. It has been right. How many people use Facebook? I'm sure if I said

Unknown Speaker  33:17  
Instagram, how many of you actively use Facebook? Really? Facebook

Speaker 1  33:29  
marketplace, okay, right. No, I'm saying like Facebook to catch up with your friends. Yeah, okay, James, right, yeah, like, right. And so you don't know it just somehow he had the greatest thing in the world, and then just somehow they made choices that it all unraveled, but that we'll talk about as we go. Okay, everyone so far so good.

pranit  33:52  
Yeah, so I'm just curious. It's my observation that architectural strategy is chosen by a fluent family person like Mark Jacob was one of them. Do you agree with that?

Speaker 1  34:04  
Bill gate, you know, a really good way to give it, a really good way to make a billion dollars in the startup, have a billion dollars start out with $2 billion right? What's the worst thing that was gonna happen Mark, when he started Facebook. Money might have been beat up by the bingo boss brothers, but assuming, like he avoided that he would have gone back to Harvard, right? He was really good. Same thing with Bill Gates, right? Sort of saying, Oh, this is some grand thing, right? Well, no, they could go everything. Took a leave of absence for a year or two, and then they saw how it worked out. And as well they came from families with lots of resources, and we could have a broader discussion about that as well. Everyone so far so good. Okay, that's actually a really good point. The key idea here, though, is right, and I think Gary is Gary right, sort of said something really important for most situations, there's going to be some of these strategies are going to be kind of obvious, like options and some of them, but usually you're gonna be able to kind of see a few that might work, or some versions of these that could work right, be able to conjure up a few different things. And the key is to recognize that choosing a strategy is choosing kind of how you're going to live your day to day. If you go down that value chain route, as I think the discussion over here indicated, they're going to be good points and bad points depending on the partner. You're going to be going from east to famine, depending on the whims of the rest of the value chain. Right? If you do that IP, you're going to be talking to lawyers a lot, right? And a lot of entrepreneurs hate lawyers, right? And so that's going to be, if you don't like dealing with the negotiations, then don't get into that strategy. Right. Structure is really fun, except with the incumbents, copy or type, right? Just, you know, kind of copy paste, right? And particularly in big tech today, that's a playbook that most of these sample firms understand. Everyone so far, so good. Okay, so then the question is, how can you actually choose and so, right? I just want to revisit kind of where we got you on this. Was that, right? What we're trying to do is go from idea experimentation to strategy, and the key insights are agreed to discussion the taxi case, right? I'll start with Fiona's work around is like entrepreneurial experimentation is a sort of problem. It's not that it's a fixed experiment. It's that you're gaining information that the value of which exceeds its cost. And remember, I was just in Mulan with the researchers who were behind all this stuff. It's really just the evidence is that people who write down hypotheses in startups do better. It's like just and they do better for two reasons. They discard bad ideas more quickly if you really force yourself to write it down, not just like talk or and when I say, write it down, you write down a falsifiable hypothesis, and really force yourself to do it. And the second is conditional on getting the information, the team is completely energized, and then you actually can right? You say, Oh, this is a piece of information we can use, and then it actually drives the next steps. So far, so good. We talked a lot about experimental time. We'll talk more about that, but I want to kind of talk about one thing that we didn't we kind of vote for time, but also wasn't right. Is that what the Angie poison? So, okay, go through the experiments, what then happens? And so I think it's really important to have a good debate about that. Okay, so the most common way that people think about that is due to Steve Blank, right? So the name of that, of his book, is Four Steps to the Epiphany, okay? And the idea is we do customer discovery, validation, creation, we build company, and we're and that's that process is going to lead us to the best thing to do in this situation, okay? And Luke Clark, Steve Blank, you know, sort of like has been both influential and he's a serious person, and he's trying to think about that systematically, right? And then, though, remember when we talked briefly about pill pack, right? That wasn't kind of the that wasn't the nature of the experiment that they ran when they were getting started. They were very aware that their company, like they had done so Scott to convince themselves that it was probably a pretty good dead shark. They should not go to McKinsey or whatever it would be. You see what I'm saying, right? You know, Ellie could have gotten job at a big firm or whatever. It wasn't done something else, but that instead, they had to choose between cooperating with those big firms. But that was a very natural partner. They were. Did the work to show. Oh, if we did that, here's the steps we would take, here's who we would hire, here's how we would raise money, here's, you know, here's what we wouldn't do, right? You don't have to build out a big pharmacy chain if you're going to try to be in CVS. You can kind of prove it out in one or two states and then say, oh, CBS, the case. Come here. You can save yourself $100 million right? Or you could go and you go to venture capitalists. You say, You know what, we're going to go and put competitive pressure on CBS. But once again, that requires that we go to some venture capitalist who understands the plan, and then we're going to now make it right. We're going to experiment first in a Massachusetts or New Hampshire, but we're going to quickly Right, right. Go to build pharmacies in every single state. Each state costs like a million, $2 million to build. And guess what that's like, independent of any other part of business. You're talking about $100 million that kind of make sense. Why do I bring that up? Is because it illustrates this idea that what you learn from those early stage experiments is usually that there are kind of a few like, if it really is the case that multiple medication is a tough area and you have a good solution. Guess what? There are going to be multiple words to the marketplace, and if there are that go to market can be done multiple ways, then you're very unlikely to get put epiphany, right? So let me first one last point here. So suppose, for second, give me that logic that right, we're sort of choosing among options. How do you how do you make the choice? Then, like, what factors would determine it. How would you make that choice? What would matter at that point? So let's imagine you sort of you're pursuing a venture. Let's imagine just for that for a second. Imagine it's pill pack. So you've got multiple medications. That's your solution. Maybe one option is a presumption. The option. Okay? So one is, this is actually our entry point. It comes to that this is our entry point, and it gives us optionality. That's like Michael Barton and those burning platforms, right? He realized he could have done other things, but by doing that, he opened up more possibilities in the future, a little vaguely, but not too vaguely. Sometimes you can sort of imagine, if we get these people, where you get these other people, I love that, right?

Speaker 9  42:10  
What's the market size of how fast you get to, like, a reasonable point of

Speaker 1  42:14  
profitability, right? So one is just maybe tactical stuff, like maybe CVS works at a much slower speed than setting up pharmacies. And so we just know that, you know I'm saying, so I totally agree, though, that if that were true, then the CVS option is going to look bad. You see what I'm saying, like, in their situation, they said we could make it work with CVS. You see what I'm saying, like, that was not a bad option. It was just the option, not the option they chose. Does that kind of make sense? It's like there were multiple things they could there were multiple there were only multiple ways to succeed with this business. None of them were guaranteed. But CBS was talking to them. They were kind of interested, what else would you care about?

Speaker 5  42:57  
What other care like the upfront capital acquired the CO opting

Unknown Speaker  43:02  
Okay, so where do you get that

Speaker 5  43:08  
capital? Yeah, like, seems a lot easier to trial and error than staying at the CVS.

Speaker 1  43:15  
Okay, so if you so interestingly, right, there's one piece of the logic is, are you trying to get the company to succeed? But where's your equity? So, right? These architectural strategy were you spending? I can guarantee you that TJ and Elliot did not have $100 million sitting in their back pockets. You see what I'm saying. And so they need to raise multiple rounds. They actually got they walked away very, very, you know, fine from the whole endeavor, but nonetheless, they're pretty deactivated. And that's right. So some of those strategies, right, that are more the big Go big or go home strategies are going to basically involve killing much more of your equity up front, right? So that's one part, and you're going to need to raise money, right? What else might matter? So I like that. So one we're thinking about, which one gives us most optionality, let's make sure that, like, these are real options. Like, right? That's right. But also, like, what's good for the company may not be good for me the founder, which I think hints at the last piece of it, who ultimately gets to make this decision. Another thing

Unknown Speaker  44:31  
to do, when is the chance that the comments will

Speaker 10  44:40  
try to compete with you. That indicates Netflix being they basic business model is not the same as blockbuster, and blockbuster wouldn't mind them to start in.

Speaker 1  44:57  
Part of this is that these strategies are gonna and I think it's important is, like, once you commit down that disruption room, you want to do everything to twist the knife against the incumbent, right? You want to use all those Judo like, like, once you're in the strategy, there's a lot of implementation that's involved in kind of getting blockbuster to be off its feet. I'm saying yeah, over here.

Speaker 1  45:30  
Yeah. Guess who gets to decide you do? Right? You get to make that choice, just to be clear, just in Adrian's point, if they're just, don't choose a bad op, right? If you have an unprofitable option, I don't care how much you love it. Pursuing a bad business for several years, if you you know, if you're an MIT or Harvard student, that's like, not a great use of your time. Like you can go do many other things. On the other hand, if you're confident that the business can succeed in multiple ways. Some of those might just appeal you. We talked about this. I'm sorry I tried to assemble these slides and they just were too weird. Among this list, IP versus say, disruption. Which one do you think that faculty founders tend to like on MIT's campus. Why they have control? Because they get control also who does all the work, students, the TLO and the company right? Just to be clear, to keep your lab, you can remain as a faculty member, and it doesn't, it can be like a part of your life. You don't have to be fully it. What do you think students choose? Right? We see lots of students choose disruption. You know why? Because if you go and you learn how to do like customer discovery, and you really, really learn how to do a sales process, and you really learn how to kind of bring something to market yourself. Even if that venture fails, you'll bring network, you'll learn stuff. You'll get experience. This is really, really valuable. So interestingly, so just like how many, most of you, have taken some version of a strategy course, usually in a strategy course, like for those of you who took Don and Pierre last year, or whoever you took it from, right? Usually, it's the case that strategy should not depend on who the leader is. There's one right, right Adrian, there's like a best thing to do given the environment, and that's where we go. But interestingly, as a founder, it's up to you, like, if you can credibly say there's multiple ways to go, and there's one that'll bring a little bit more effort to and passion and commitment to, that's the way to go. Everybody so far, you don't get that for free because you still don't choose a cracking strategy that's not going to work anymore. Everyone so far, so good. Okay, with that said, I want you to I promise this is the last buzzer that's okay, I guess. What I'm going to say is that this debate is very salient, because a lot of people will say, we love startups that experiment, and what they're going to do is they're going to just keep on iterating, and they're going to iterate till they find the right thing to do. And in my experience, with lots and lots of founders that sort of like, just gets away from what really what the process is, which is basically that you're surfacing alternatives, and then you choose what to do. Does that kind of make that difference? Make a difference? Make a difference. So just want to maybe just kind of say, What does CNO like as you think about it, what, when is it? Kind of the logic of surfacing alternatives makes sense, and when is it more like? Let's just figure out the right thing to do that makes sense. Kendra, you're looking confused there.

Speaker 1  49:06  
Okay, does that make sense? Yeah. John, an example of this. I was working

Speaker 8  49:09  
on something to help with diagnosis of colon cancer, and we were trying to decide if the value we were creating is actually something that customers would choose over other options. So we did the interview format where you have, like, a list of alternatives, and you ask them to kind of prioritize and choose. And so it's really interesting to find the things that, like, we hadn't thought were valuable, or even more valuable than the

Speaker 1  49:39  
product you're creating. It was helpful. Yeah. So what? When you surface? When you surface, alternative makes you clear. I really do start asking people, right? Use the experiment. Figure out what, how people actually care about that may not be the one thing you thought and usually not be able to satisfy everyone. It raises any, any other thoughts kind of, yeah,

Speaker 9  50:01  
was more like the thing about choosing a strategy versus iterating, I was thinking about starting with SOS the first kind of maybe this first one is experiment. But they use a lesson from that, and they they took that even biolog to write. They chose this strategy, but there's still only

Unknown Speaker  50:27  
their face to make it worse.

Speaker 1  50:33  
It seems like the law behind the honest about that, right? So they so right? Rapid resources is really good example where they really did make a choice like they they put those other things on the shelf for, you know, six to nine months. Basically, they really did a pretty good job of executing around the burning platform. But then that opened up other strategic alternatives. Everyone talked about that, right, how we dynamically get there and that, right? That scaffolded all sudden. Then to cook calls, and then they're able to scan right, which a little bit more that part is more bad, right? Like the fact that they were able to get one of the big telephone provider you don't, you know, one of the big cell phone companies or one of the device companies, right? That ultimately had to be the goal, but weirdly, was not part of what they were talking about at the beginning, because it was, like, totally unclear how you didn't get there. Didn't get it, okay. So I like that. So, okay, so, right. So one thing that's true is we're gonna use just because I say, Oh, we're going down a strategy doesn't mean it's forever. This is not like, like, two, two weeks ago, I was in Atlanta, and I went to the Coca Cola Museum. That's my host. Took us to the world. You ever go to the world? Does everyone ever see that? And you go, you have like a cocas life? Kind of Gabriel, Gabriel, you enjoyed that

Unknown Speaker  51:53  
museum from, I think,

Unknown Speaker  51:57  
Eastern Europe. Coca

Speaker 1  52:03  
Okay, yeah, but it's fair to say that Coca Cola came up with a strategy in like 1895 and they sort of stuck with it. You know, I'm saying, right? It's like long term strategy, not so much pivoting and iteration there. On the other hand, as Kendrick was saying, a lot of this right is having an honest discussion about what happens in a startup. You have sprints of not two or four weeks of like nine months to a year, where you've got to be all in on a certain thing. If you succeed, you're going to make it to that next stage, and if not, then you have to figure out something to do, but it's harder to do, and we're going to get to that in just a second. Everyone so far, so good with that. Okay, what's a situation where, like, so let me even say it this way. So interestingly, there's kind of a little bit of frame you can bring to this, which is, at the very beginning you're asking really elemental questions, right? Like, does anybody care about this? Right? That was like the that was like the bio bot, not making it over complicated when they're talking with people in government, then you're going to surface alternatives. That's going to be a lot about that first go to market, right? And that's usually what we think of as entrepreneurs that kind of go to market strategy, go to market motion, whatever you want to call it. And then once you get into a strategy, there's going to be a lot of once you optimizing the website, that's basically going to be much more world of optimization, like pure optimization, like, let's figure out the best way to browser. Let's figure out the best way to serve this particular customer segment. And then occasionally they're gonna be moments where we kind of come back when you like, do we need to pivot? Do we need to evolve? Right? And that's gonna be much more about surfacing, that's right. So there's kind of a rhythm to it. Everyone so far, so good with that. Okay? This template, which I'm going to come back to in just a few minutes, right, which is right, is meant to help you clarify, almost to what John was talking about, to clarify those discussions that you'll have saying, to give you a concrete way to write down and debate the few directions for your company as basically, are in that go to market, right, right? Not forever, but for a reasonable language, right? And the kind of right, the key is to sort of, kind of shape, right, this kind of template, hopefully you can use to write down concretely, what are the value creation, value capture hypotheses, what's gonna be your market, how you're gonna leverage technology, how you're gonna build a team, and how you're gonna get to market. How does that all add up as a strategy? Sometimes, practically, it'll make more sense than others. Was it a good day? Good all the time. What's a bad day? What are the strikes and weaknesses? What experiments would you do to optimize and most importantly, do you think this is viable? Like, that's where you start doing. Like, you know what would what needs to be true to actually make money, or at least make not go bankrupt more quickly than you can raise in order to get to the next step? Everyone so far. So good. Cool. Do it once. I like it. Do it twice, even better, right? And then ultimately you want to think about how you kind of distinguish, okay, okay, so before I turn right, any questions, thoughts, comments on this. You have the ideas and passion, does that remain the same? Yeah, yeah. So like, in principle, the founders and their ideas are on the top right? The idea is that that's your North Star, right? That's like, what you're doing, right? The why you're doing it, what you're bringing to the table, and everything else is going to be the different strategies that you choose. And the way I define a different strategy is there's some meaningful difference in either creating value or capturing value right, and then that kind of runs out in terms of right. And that'll have different consequences for the choices, different consequences around the whole thing fits together, different consequences for profitability, so and so, everyone so far, so good. Guess what? We're almost so in this course, right over the past 1012, weeks, whenever it's been 11 or something like that. We have seen a lot of startups, some of which remember Lytro back in the good old days, right? They failed, right? So we've seen some successes, and we've also seen a ton of failures. And really key thing, which we kind of talked about in Lytro is what happens. So the first thing that happens is what you try it, and it doesn't work. And so then that we have this great line, there's Eric Ries doing very well in life for a few reasons, but one is he coined the term pivot, strategic pivot as the thing you do when it's not working, which was a better word than it's failure, right? It's a change in strategy, right? This is his definition. Was a change in strategy without a change in vision. And just to Amy's point, that's like exactly to that point, right? That that top stays the same, but the strategy is changing. Somehow. I'm saying I disagree with other things under a Greece, but at this point, and so there's a little bit of this problem. So does anyone know who this is? Did I show you this before? No, I think, I think this is the first time for this. Does anyone know who this is? I A that's Wiley Coyote, and what is the problem that Wiley Coyote is about to discover, and now, just so we're totally clear. Suppose he keeps on running. Is that good? Like, how does he fall? Do you remember? What's the physics of the cartoon physics here? He like,

Unknown Speaker  58:25  
realizes that he's floating. The

Speaker 1  58:26  
problem is, Does everyone remember this river Ken? He only falls when he looks down. Just be clear, there's a huge amount of insight to that one motion, right? So many years ago, I was on a board meeting. I was in a board meeting, and the group, this board, had agreed to do something quite ambitious. And think of like it involved 10s of millions of dollars of expenditure, is what I'm saying. I was on the advisory board, and we all agree on it. And then, like, at the first moment, like, within six weeks, it was clear that it was going to be a lot, like, whatever money we were about to spend, it was going to be more, it was going to be longer. It wasn't clear it was going to work. But the problems we, like, saw, you know, the CEO founders signed all these contracts, and like, we were, like, on the hook for like, $5 million for sure. Do you see what I'm saying? And I remember, and I wasn't very helpful on this board overall, but I was helpful in this one moment. I said, Guys, we have a Wile E Coyote moment, because if we look down, this venture is surely going to fail, but maybe if we just keep running, maybe we'll make it. And believe it or not, they were like, yes, that's exactly what we're gonna do. He ran. They did pretty good. The event ultimately required for more than $5 it was costly, this mistake, but it was real. Okay, everyone so far, so good, okay? And so, just to be clear, what does that look like? This is all right. I'm taking one of the course, right? We have this great example right of Oswald. Remember Oswald belong to rabbit, and then remember the guy stole it right? And then right? He created Mickey Mouse. And what was that? That was a change of that was a pivot in response to basically fail like the first strategy had failed. And so what did Walt Disney, and that's why he's one of the great entrepreneurs in the 20th century, was he was super resilient, and he figured out he was like, this did not work. And rather than try exactly the same thing again, I'm going to try something different. In that case, I'm going to make sure I control right? And interestingly, right? What did you hear from nusha Gali? Right? I thought this was really interesting. She was like, You know what? We're done working with government. And then, right? All your questions were like, Well, why don't you work in this government? Work in this government, with this government? She's like, we did you hear how many times she said she's like, we need to focus, and we're focused on high value pharmaceutical companies that actually pay us money and don't screw us over. Do you see what I'm saying? Right? That's a real, meaningful change in the strategy. Is it gonna work? We'll see. Let's hope for the best. There you go. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:01:32  
Groupon was, you know, it's not the most successful companies, but it certainly is a very good example of so remember I told you the story about like, how the problems of Groupon as a company were, like, easily forecast. Comp, like, not easily, but Right. This is this right. Like, you could sort of think about what was wrong with the model, and you couldn't quite test for it. But initially, why were they so enamored of that model? Like, why had they fallen in love with the Groupon concept? And the answer is because Andrew Mason founded what he called the point, and was actually a nonprofit. And the idea was that the first thing they were going to do was they were going to, like, collect up money for like, public goods projects. So some of you from the Kennedy School was almost like a public goods kind of situation. Did you see what I'm saying? And that, you know what was true about that? And they spent, like, a few, not maybe a few $100,000 trying to launch that. And you know what they found no one wanted to donate to random people on the internet and give them their credit card for causes that they weren't that interested in. Now, interesting models like that ultimately did right to, like, go fund these Arabic things and things like that, but this actually didn't work, and so they were running out of money. And then finally, basically it was by chance. They were like, you know, why don't we just try to sell, you know, basically the same thing, kind of a collective GOODS project to a local company, like a pizza shop or sushi bar, and there you go. And it was more that what they learned, right? That's why they were able to do this pivot, was because they knew that the first thing had sucked, like really didn't work. And so that made it very salient that the thing they were trying seemed to work relative to the first thing. Of course, they of course, never thought about the concept, or at least they didn't think sufficiently about the fact that it was market with low barriers to entry and terrible customer selection. Except for Gabriel, we love you, right? Wasn't this? You were a Groupon guy? No, no, no, no, you're a guy. There was somebody who was a Groupon person. I can't remember who it was. Okay. Everyone. So far. So good. Okay, okay, just to be clear, though, that's a little bit different than races situation, where we pivot because we're broke, right? So people mess this up all the time, right? Like, let's be clear, this wasn't a happy moment for Walt Disney. He was basically right. He was down to his last dollar, right. Same thing with Groupon. They were desperate because it had failed. That's quite different than what we call dynamic entrepreneurship strategy, that's pivots that are planned, or pivots that are as Reese was saying, basically because the first thing has worked, we're now ready to try the second you see what I'm saying. So there's a great set of work in this by Matt Marx, who used to be here, and David Chu, who's a PhD student, and Josh GaNS, you occasionally see. And what they kind of did is they sort of kind of coined this term that I think actually gets at a really important part. What they say is, as you do this planning, one other layer that you can put in is this notion of what they call the strategic switchback. And so the strategic switchback is, you know, that ultimately the goal is an architectural strategy. But guess what? We don't have $100 million and we don't know how we're going to get things. So let's take the first six months and do something else. Do you see what I'm saying? Maybe we do disruption, maybe we do a validation. Maybe we do IP and then we use that as a stepping stone to get to the weird water. They did a very beautiful study of the voice recognition, you know, kind of, kind of, the first voice recognition, which we now all take like for granted, is this industry that has been around since, like the 1970s there are only certain number of companies, and they actually track out what companies do over time and how they evolve. And it's very interesting. What they observe is that very few companies, like, literally 1.7% do both strategies to begin with. Like, trying to cooperate compete is very hard for a startup. And, like, there's many, many studies right that show that it's like really, really hard to have a competitive position and be cooperating with the same firm as a startup. When you're a big firm, you can do a lot, I'm saying, but for about 15% of the sample, basically, right? Yes, for about 15% of total sample, they start in one mode, and then they shift at some moment in time to the other. And it turns out that in that in that industry, for reasons that they go into, actually, the thing to do is start as a disruptor and then basically get acquired, right? And they kind of show the conditions. Does that kind of make sense? Everybody? Okay, last piece, next week, I'm gonna go through the rest of it second, but like, okay, let's imagine we ultimately achieve the strategy work we've evolved a few times. We're finally ready to actually scale. Like, do true scaling. What do you do? Okay, and you know, there's like, one book. How many of you heard this book? Blitz scaling? I know new Angie. Okay, so this is, like the most popular book. If I read Hoffman and his co author, SHA Ye, I think he's saying this, but most people don't just read Hoffman's book, and they make a big deal about the idea that for these places where there's a cold start effect, where there's network effects, these powerful platform plays. What you have to do is kind of throw efficiency, throw cost. You have to throw it all away. Just gain scale, right? And then you're like, Well, I also see a lot of companies try to do that, and then they're in the news because either they're like, breaking things, and then afterwards it turns out that it didn't work, or they run out of money, or they get completely de amortized, or basically goes up at a huge point, I'm saying. And so next week, we'll kind of dig more into like, when does split scaling really work? When are you ready for it? And how do you put yourself through that process in a more rigorous one is that? Okay? Okay, let me just so, right. So we'll have the tomorrow. Okay, so last few minutes, so we only have a few more classes, and I want to go through what we're going to do. So first, who was it that was with me before class when we made our choices? Yes, this was James and Victor. Were the customers, and we Carrie was there too. And they all decided, okay, so we have an optional class on Wednesday. Okay, so during the pandemic, I know none of you were here during the pandemic, MIT canceled classes between Thanksgiving, you know, this Thanksgiving, and then the pandemic was done. And we wrote, you know, because at MIT, we were like a 400 page report. Well, I said 300 earlier, so let's 300 but it was like 300 pages lessons from the pandemic. The only one that everyone agreed on was everyone enjoyed having Thanksgiving week off. That's the one proposal that has not been adopted. Thus we are here. So we're gonna, I know many of you are gonna be leaving on Wednesday. We're gonna do it. So on Wednesday it is both an optional class and it's going to be online, okay? What it's going to be. I'm going to distribute some articles, basically a big, long piece tonight. Around it, you don't need to read in advance. It's going to be on Bayesian entrepreneurship, and it's going to be much more like research. It's about a body of work that myself and a whole bunch of people are doing right now, very rapidly, on taking a very serious approach to, like, optimal decision making for entrepreneurs, like, how you think about that problem formally, what are the situations, why it's a little different than other situations, and what are some in particular, what are the insights you get, particularly for entrepreneurial experimentation and testing? And we kind of hinted at it like a bunch of weeks ago, but this was kind of like, we'll go all in. Amy's like, I'm gonna be, I'll be doing Thanksgiving. Okay, then next Monday, we're gonna do tomorrow.io. That's the last chance you have for one of these group assignments. You know, the optional 206, and we'll make sure if your group has it submitted too, that you get an email telling you that? Okay, I think everyone submitted at least one, and I think most of you have submitted two then, and I'll come back. Let me do this right then Wednesday. So that's next Wednesday. Not this coming Wednesday, but next Wednesday we're going to have our final case discussion, and it's going to be about emerald innovations, and I'll tell you about that in a second. And then two weeks from today, is our last class, and that's where we're going to have our debrief. We'll have a few of you present some of the consulting projects, but not too many of them. And then we'll have a big wrap up, and then we're all done. Okay, okay. So first Wednesday, November 26 is optional. We're going to be focusing on Bayesian approach. And so just think of like, you know, interestingly, we've taken it as a given that when people think they're pursuing a good idea, that they see an opportunity, that somehow that's like a good thing, but remember, you know, right? You know that the people who are pursuing an opportunity, the founders,

Speaker 1  1:11:30  
they probably have a pretty positive view on its potential, right? They see an opportunity, which means they think it's more valuable than other people, which makes them kind of contrarians, which we talked about. And it's going to turn out that that has lots of consequences. Okay, we kind of abstracted away a little bit from those consequences when we discuss it. There's it turns out that has a lot of bite for how you design experiments and how you scale. Okay, next Monday, we'll have tomorrow. I think Ray may not be able to join, but what is a great, great case. Then on Wednesday, we're going to have Dina and tabi here. So does everyone remember this from day one? This was the first video we saw, and she was with the radar through the walls. Do you remember the radar through the walls? Woman, right? It was like, Oh, that sound that looked kind of like magic. We've now written a case on that, and the cases just so let me just tell you. So first, we're just working with Dina and her team to finalize the case, and I it will be distributed as of tomorrow, and we were hoping to get it today. Okay, I will have Alexis or myself will send out a link to this YouTube. 12 minutes, 13 minutes. Just do that before tomorrow, because that's like the first thing to do in the case is just watch that video and it also, if you see it before you read the case, it'll help you start to think about, you know, kind of because she doesn't talk at all about doesn't talk at all about the startup, but you get a sense of the tech. Okay, sorry, it's another tech push case, if that's okay. Jared, okay, well, the last part of this is, I'm going to ask you for basically two different things, because there's two moments in the case. So don't get confused by it. The main part of your grade is going to be the analysis, like, because we do have to grade it is going to be your analysis of her choices in 2018 there's a separate part of the case, which she is much more interested in, which is what she should do today. And basically, I'm going to give you an option to either basically create a deck for her that you would use if you were pitching a venture capitalist or a met, or you can choose as a to basically write a short memo, as if you were working for a venture capitalist about how they would prep for meeting with me and Kata. Because I think both of those sources are like this sort of I think both sources of feedback will be valuable to her, and you might kind of find either or both interesting to do, but you only have to do one. That's okay, so either you put together a brief PowerPoint or a short number individual but you can talk it amongst yourself. There's no great in.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
