Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Hi, how are you good? Thank you. Thank you so much for sending us out. A few minutes. What's keeping you busy this weekend?

Speaker 1  0:24  
Oh, I have a pay per view. Oh, really,

Speaker 2  0:29  
is it for your PhD, for your research? Yes, wow. Which are you still taking classes, or are you only doing?

Speaker 1  0:37  
I am taking organization, economics. Okay, the class gives me the opportunity to get Professor Steven on my paper. So it's complimentary.

Unknown Speaker  0:53  
That's great. That's great. Thank you. How long have you had office class here? I think

Speaker 1  1:02  
one and a half years the professor is on his like sabbatical, so, okay, I'm not him, definitely, sure. Can I help? Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:25  
so I've starting to finalize my thesis, and I've been trying to identify faculty who can be the faculty advisor for Sloan. Okay, but, but it's so the thesis is I wanted to get your advice about how to because this is my first time putting together a thesis, and I wanted to get your thoughts on how you know, how did you go about forming yours and like, how do you just in general, just hear about your journey with your thesis. I see,

Speaker 1  1:59  
how many are you thinking? It's usually one or two. Is it one? Yes, yes. I think I'm not the best person to give this advice. Like, what's the topic?

Speaker 2  2:12  
It is moving obstacles to commercializing science. And maybe I can also show you so one of the ways that I plan to like accumulated. So during as a Sloan fellow, I need to the thesis. I need to, I think it will give me 24 credits. And in order to do that, I need to demonstrate that I'm going to be doing research, doing combination of research, a field study, and then applying, like, pulling some real, some data from a venture that I've that I'm helping with, and so maybe I can share with you a little bit more about the venture, sure,

Speaker 1  2:52  
before jumping in last year from maybe I already know, but I'm blacking out his her name. There were two people who were writing a master thesis from Sloan Fellows, okay, like one is Johannes galatas, okay, and the other is she is a, is it Jennifer? Her name, cert was E, and she's working as a VC in New York City now. Oh, really, okay, I don't know. Abby. Abby, yeah, every Chen, yes, okay, e, v, i, e, e, v, Y, C, H, E, you can search it. GM, you

Unknown Speaker  3:51  
can search, this is the master for science

Speaker 2  3:53  
policy, right? It's, it's an MBA, but MBA, but what I want to do is I want to improve my credibility in the in the research and scientific community. And I thought that by doing a thesis, I can be one of the go to people for when a faculty member or researcher wants to create a spin off the MIT ecosystem, I could be one of the people that they go to to bridge the gap between lab and market. Yeah. So this the company is called thinfinity, and see, okay, so the lead faculty member is this gentleman, Ravit karnick, he's a Meche professor, and he has a PhD in his lab. Who's incoming CEO. She's defending her thesis this spring, and once she completes that successfully, she will become CEO of this venture. And right now, this gentleman Solomon, who's who I've he's the person who's invited me to be a part of this team and collaborate with with all the people here. And then this gentleman, Peron, and then peifu. They work at Vanderbilt University, and they used to be postdocs and Professor Carnegie's lab. And so I let me see. So this is what they've been working on. So it's an atom thin graphene membrane, and based on their testing and validation that they've done in the lab, they've shown that this is much more efficient, selective and stable than any other membrane out there. And initially they were looking at,

Speaker 2  5:48  
okay, so initially they were looking at, before going to market, what they've been doing is they've been doing a lot of validation and testing in the lab. And this goes back 14 years, and so they published, I don't know it's about 30 different papers showing all of the different records, showing the performance and demonstrating this. They also have, I think it's 17 patents. But when I joined this team about a month and a half ago, they had identified over 10 addressable markets, and they were looking at energy storage, resource recovery and water treatment and and also solvent refining. And one of the things that I was that I was tasked to do, was identify the initial beachhead market, and what we've done is, let's see so of all of those different addressable markets, and I think many of them are, I think they're, they're ripe for disruption. But I think from if we're going to pitch to VCs, and we want to show, for example, a 10x return, and also ease of capturing a customer pilot, it is the proton exchange membrane market and, and specifically, it's fuel cells for these three sectors. And, and the professor carnick, he has, he already has existing relationships with Toyota, with Amazon, with bloom, and so they've been doing research and kind of proving this out. They've already sent samples or prototypes to to the research and development labs at those companies. And so they have some data. But I think there's an opportunity to turn it into a customer pilot, a paid customer pilot. Another quick

Speaker 1  7:44  
question, sure. So among the three circles of the diagram you had like or the evaluation that you focus more, I

Speaker 2  7:55  
think specifically for for energy and utilities we're looking at, there's a there's a lot of growth projected for data centers. And data centers are going to be very energy intensive, so looking to figure out ways to to reduce energy consumption in for companies that are going to be building and constructing data centers. So that was one thing. The second thing is, how are they

Speaker 1  8:26  
three circles? I'm sorry, previously we have a Venn diagram where you had 10 markets, green energy, environment and health, yeah. So this is not included, but it's somewhere around here between transportation and transportation, AI data center and the defense?

Speaker 2  8:47  
Yes, yep. So more along the lines of the energy storage and battery separations, and also fuel cell resource and recovery, so mostly environment,

Speaker 1  8:57  
yeah. The reason I'm asking is like, for instance, there is a, I'm sure you already know, but pitch book data has like, once you somehow get series a funding or Series B funding, the investors will identify you with several keywords and also the description, okay, okay, so perhaps, like you want to be, strategy about how vague you want to be by vague meaning, like, there is some core strategy that can be applied to 10 different markets, but investors want to I like, you don't want to be too vague so that investors don't know what your company is, yes, but you don't want to be too specific so that you won't pee with later.

Speaker 2  9:41  
I see, I see that's, that's helpful, yeah. So I,

Speaker 1  9:45  
if I were you, I would somehow make this and the three choices more coherent with each other, yeah. And perhaps there are some orthogonal evaluation metrics that you have, like, yeah, so,

Speaker 2  10:05  
you know what that's that's interesting. I know with pitch book, we get as MIT affiliated, we get free accounts for pitch book, right? Okay,

Speaker 1  10:18  
actually, I am doing the research on that, like the optimum, like, I'm biased because I do research on an optimal vagueness of value propagation.

Speaker 2  10:28  
Wow, tell me more about that. So I never thought that that would be because I thought, if you so companies, early stage companies pivot because a customer or potential customer expresses interest in my experience, so you could easily pivot if you have somebody who's willing to pay for this product or help you prove it out. But tell me more about fitness?

Speaker 1  10:50  
Yeah, sure. So Scott Stern, he teaches entrepreneur strategy, and one of his main theme is, don't let customer choose you. You should choose the customers. Okay? And what you just said that you get the money from the first investor. And perhaps you think it might be easy to pivot, but you may be like once you have a relationship with that investor, the network that he has, he or she has, or the information you subscribe to are kind of like, reinforce each other, so that drags you away from other equally viable opportunity. I see you want to be more careful, and that's what I am using the vague s okay, like, for instance, let's say you met defense VC and AI center, data center VC and for Ed sync product reason, you somehow connected with defense, even though AI Center has much higher, like 10 times bigger market. But because of that, like one serendipity, you get the money from the defense technology VC, and you are kind of unknowingly committing into that market. And also, like, once you have that, you want to look for developers who have experience in defense, and you're getting further away from the AI, so okay, that's what I meant by you should keep your optionality, and this is a design, okay. Okay. Does that make sense?

Speaker 2  12:30  
It does. It does. I need to look into this a little bit more. I I'm glad you mentioned that, because I was looking at a class that Scott stern and I believe Aaron Scott teach during IAP about entrepreneurship strategy. And so you know what? It's perfect timing, because I think we're bidding right now. So I'm gonna look at that. Yeah, they have a textbook. Okay? Do Okay, also, this is since copyright 26

Speaker 1  13:19  
Yeah, yeah, recent book. Okay. Recent book, but just is first, you should choose your organization, technology customer and the competition. And based on that, this choices matter together, meaning like, if you have chosen a very IP based, like, for instance, pharmaceutical, then that somehow affects the other choices, such as technology or the organization, okay. And using that combination, they summarize it as four main strategy, which is IP strategy and the value chain strategy, disruption strategy and architecture strategy. Okay, so this fall, they are having this class, and Gary and Dimitri is in there, okay, and we're doing architectural strategy,

Speaker 2  14:18  
okay, and what are your Are you a TA for this course, or you're sitting here? Okay, does he allow people to sit in like maybe one or two sessions? Yeah. Okay, typically. So do I just reach out? Do I send an

Unknown Speaker  14:36  
email or you can just,

Unknown Speaker  14:39  
okay, perfect, perfect. Yeah, please. That would be great. That'd be great.

Speaker 2  14:46  
I wanted to share with you the kind of potential business models we were thinking of. So we started with these three. So creating a bespoke foundry, modular solutions, licensing of the pipeline. But then we also looked at joint ventures, because this is something that Bloom Energy talked about. They haven't made a commitment, but we they kind of verbally talked about having a joint venture with with companies that might compete against, like the fuel cell incumbents, like Nafion, for example. And so this got us thinking about maybe that could be a potential model where we scale through a joint venture.

Speaker 1  15:36  
I'm new to this idea. Is it like partnering with the corporate or other ventures

Speaker 2  15:42  
partnering with the corporate so with the high levels that you see here, or the one layer down, so maybe the supplier, a supplier to plug power or move energy or fuel cell energy, and it would, and it doesn't necessarily need to be A joint venture, but maybe a particular like a pilot partnership, where they would give, they would invest in us, and we could prove out, or start to build this from a prototype in a lab to a real life product. They being one of this, one of these, yes, yes. Okay, yeah. And so one thing that I wanted to share with you is so I guess when we look at this, we will be this is some of the competition. This is only three of maybe about 11 incumbents that are suppliers to the some of those companies that I showed my previous slide. And I guess our biggest gap is, how do you set up operations to make sure that we can manufacture this at scale, these graphene membranes? And wanted to see if you had any thoughts about that, based on your research, what you've been exposed to, what are some ways to go about setting up operations to enable manufacturing.

Speaker 1  17:09  
So when you say operations, is it like, how to make like? Could you be more specific about the operations?

Speaker 2  17:16  
Yep, so in the perspective that I'm coming from is I would be the operations leader for this company. And so right now, operations is setting up processes that would enable us to to pitch to VCs, or just regular processes that would enable us to do customer discovery or go to market road mapping. But the next phase would be once we get some type of government grant or or VC funding, we would then actually start to manufacture. So the operations I'm thinking about is, you know, I guess we would have to identify our suppliers, and then maybe have, maybe a small manufacturing presence somewhere and like so, from if you're, if you're thinking about things that you need to do, to take this from from a prototype to a real, a real solution, what are maybe? What are? What are some things that we should be thinking about?

Speaker 1  18:15  
Yeah, I was actually looking at the YC, Y Combinator video this morning, so I just put it in the watch it. Yeah, to be very honest, I don't have a lot of experience in manufacturing contract, but my advisor, Charlie fine, who's next door, he has manufacturing experience a lot. And one thing, as I was reading, is Tesla case, what they have done well, as, like, during 2008 when they ramped up the rules Tor like, one thing they did well, and one thing they didn't do well. One thing they didn't do well was in early stage. Time is money. So you want a relationship, you can iterate fast, like it would be a disaster when you like, for instance, if the product is not complete, so there is a product and process for your operations. What you need to operate or manage is one. On the one hand, you want to have one clear value proposition, and that would be more on it can be on product or it can be on process, right? Okay, so for instance, yeah. So it's your choice to judge whether, like, what has the most advantage in your firm. Like, for instance, you have a lot of patents, so maybe you want to have more. Oh, based on this technology, this can serve certain customers and you have good relationships. So that's more like a product based vision, okay, whereas like process based, I don't know what the good example of a process like, for instance, if you are located in a city that has advantage for proximity to some supply chain, like, for instance, Michigan, right? They have a huge transportation center, so they're on a hub, right, so that somehow gives you advantage for the process. So my point is, he has, I will drop it here as well.

Speaker 1  20:55  
Yeah, the paper I just sent, this is about operational capability. And the idea is based on whether your value proposition is focused more on product versus process, the operational capability should adjust to it. For instance, development of operational capability was a determining factor for success or failure, and effect of timing of introduction of Operation capabilities, like, for instance, your firm had hired you to focus on that the timing, like, what is the optimal timing on market success as a function of firm's value proposition. Okay, yeah, so I am digesting it, so I'm not an expert about it, but I'm happy to have a chat on this, because they have 10 case studies. And n, well is so n Well, BGI, HubSpot, Meditech, metallic, com, all of them are require some manufacturing, as you may guess from their names. So perhaps, if I were you, I would just read some Well, there's some more close related ones so Ministry of Supply, they are like the fashion mended tires. Do you have some broad idea on where you would find suppliers and all that?

Speaker 2  22:36  
Right now, I know one of the suppliers. They've already identified, one supplier who's been providing prototypes for the lab. So that's one. And then I would, I would look into that one and see what competitors they

Speaker 1  22:47  
have, competitor of that supplier. So that one

Speaker 2  22:51  
is based in Germany, for this, this company, because of the political climate, I think we want to identify a supplier here in the United States. So I need to do some research on who, who the who some of those competitors are.

Speaker 1  23:06  
Yeah, yeah. Happy to keep this conversation going,

Speaker 2  23:12  
I looked at so there's a paper that Charles fine wrote about managing operational capabilities and startup companies.

Speaker 1  23:20  
So that's what I shared with you just now. He has 2022 paper I can share with you.

Speaker 2  23:40  
It, and then, so this is I envision. So this is, you know, this is opportunity I'm excited about to see if it comes to fruition. But also, in the meantime, this is I'm using this as a kind of a field study for my thesis, working on, yeah, and what are your thoughts about how? So maybe I'll give you some ideas about what I'm thinking about. So what I'd like to do is identify and alleviate obstacles to commercializing breakthrough science from a lab, and right now, based on some of the initial research I've been doing, some of those key obstacles are, I mean, it's come some of the obvious ones, it's funding, it's scaling this valley of death. So moving from, like, the initial point where you're going to go from lab to

Speaker 1  24:38  
market, is it like series A to Series B. Like, how would

Speaker 2  24:41  
you map that even before, like pre seed to see it's to getting from pre seed to to series A is A. It's a monumental step, even before you could scale it beyond Series A.

Angie Moon  24:53  
Do you do? We usually call it belly of death, yes, yes, yes, yeah, because my image was series A is product market fit? Okay? And you just need a prototype, but perhaps especially for deep tech, that period is longer. Yeah, is that your information? Yeah, for it's,

Speaker 2  25:14  
it's definitely, it's definitely longer than it would be for like, a software as a service SAS Type company, because it's especially if it's nascent and research based got it. One of the other ones is team formation, okay, yeah, in deep tech, typically, the the the initial team must, well, typically, is somebody who is a researcher or a scientist in the lab, and in this case, with this team, one of the reasons why they asked me to be a part of the team and help with go to market is because I have industry experience, whereas the rest of The team mostly has been in academia. And there's a so I noticed that there's, I guess, putting together the right combination of team, but then also forming operations that enable you. I think another obstacle is having operations that enable you to continue going when you have minimal resources. And I, but I, but I don't know much, much about the, I guess, the research about around operations when it comes to this, I see, but thank you for sending this paper. I'm going to look into this one managing operational capabilities.

Speaker 1  26:38  
Actually, I said one more, and that's more distilled in the sense that it gives you. So perhaps I don't have a book with me right now, but the framework is called nail scale sale, okay? And like I identified before series A as nail stage. And that's a stage where you want to have a lot of I think so. This is not proven. This is what I think, or have experienced taking a screen of salt. But you may want to have several need and solution pairs, and you should somehow compare different options, like the image I have is, this is different options of imagine, like, for your case, there are, like, one technology, right? But that can somehow in different industry, it can become different solutions, right? Like with a main membrane, right? You have a main so the image I have is half this one, but it can create solution one and solution two. Let's say this is defense industry. I don't know what defense industry would do with main brains, like, what do they do? Give me an example.

Speaker 2  28:01  
Let's see they would, if they have any liquid waste in a lab, they would use a membrane to, I don't know, they like separate chemical waste or hazardous material from,

Speaker 1  28:18  
I see, I see chemicals from, from, got it, got it non hazardous, got it, yeah. So the point I'm trying to make is the value is created every time the need and solution is met. So the need for in the context of defense is you need some membrane to in capture, like for the hazard, toxic, to not go out, right? So that's the need. And this is a solution that, with this main brain, we can deliver, like, 10 times cheaper and, like some other good things, that there are some adjectives that you're using, right? Yeah. So this is one. The other is, however, in the transportation context, this can, this same technology can be a solution for, for instance, like you want some fuel battery solution. I don't know how main brain can help batteries, but you

Speaker 2  29:21  
can, you can reduce crossover. So hydrogen crossover, yeah, while also retaining the the fuel cell performance, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  29:33  
So, if I were you, I would start with like, this is how I usually approach the problem. I would list for every industry that you are looking at just two into one needs, one or two needs like to make it simple. One needs for three industry you have and write a sentence how your main brain technology can be a solution there, and perhaps now you can calculate the value it creates when that is matched. So like, market size multiplied by the margin of profit. Okay. And you have, like, let's say, two options, and between two, you can, like, for instance, choose. But I'm not saying you should choose at this level, but you should look at how like for the next few months, how it changes before committing. Okay, yeah,

Speaker 2  30:31  
so looking at the industry needs and the pain points, and then understanding, understanding those needs, and then showing how this this membrane would offer a solution to that, to that

Speaker 1  30:46  
pinpoint or that problem, yeah, like, in summary, create different options sets and option sets. Unit is needed, solution pair, okay, okay. And with that, don't commit too early. That's the nailing stage, yes, and once you somehow did some exploration, and usually the research shows that the time for exploration is proportional to how high you think of your technologist value, okay, meaning that like better place versus Tesla, okay, they had the lithium battery technology, but Tesla was what imagining much bigger market, like this whole EV ecosystem, whereas better place, they just exploit it on the battery swapping system. So my point is, you may want to draw your S curve and somehow, yeah, maybe you should have this conversation with your team.

Unknown Speaker  31:54  
Yeah, for sure. And what was the framework? It was

Speaker 1  31:59  
nail what was nail scale sale? That's childless framework.

Speaker 2  32:06  
And then, what other questions would you be asking if you were in my shoes to who just in general, about how do you how do you set up? How do you achieve optimal operations for startup?

Speaker 1  32:19  
You should have a valuation metric for your objective. Okay, what's your objective?

Speaker 2  32:26  
Objectives would be so if I'm so, if we're, I think we should maybe Fast Forward one year from now, and in this next year that assumes that we have some type of government funding, or VC funding. I'm talking seed funding, or maybe like a Small Business Innovation Research Grant of some type. KPIs would be, we're we've identified a supplier to begin prototyping or to start scaling on the prototype, I would say we have identified space. So let's say it's a small space at the engine. We have a space to have to set up manufacturing here in the in the Kendall Square in the Cambridge area. We have a team of people, for example, either engineers that are contracted or hired to support the company. I think we've got, in this, in that manufacturing space that we have, we are setting up a membrane manufacturing line. And then we've begun, we're starting to fabricate. We're starting to begin this fabrication process, and we're doing it in a way that that is scaling effectively. But I have to do some more thoughts, give some more thought to the key to the exact key performance indicators, what that looks like. But I would say, if we've set up this line, key performance indicators would be like, say, for example, if we have a customer pilot, are we meeting the specifications at a high quality rate. Are we able to produce this efficiently at cost, and then are we able to do it on time? So based on the customer's requirement, whatever the deadline or due date is, can we deliver this membrane to them on time?

Speaker 1  34:40  
So I guess again, like, given that you're still on nail stage, I wouldn't commit to all in in one customer, okay? And that goes along with Charlie's paper 2022 paper on you don't want to have very hard imposed KPI early on, because the knowledge you have early this is like 1% of the whole knowledge you should be knowing. So you should be a little flexible early on. Okay? And I feel among the 10 tools that Charlie recommends for scaling up. So I'm not saying we all want to scale up, but you need to be ready for scaling up once it really happens. So that engine have like is formed during the illustration. Some of them, what I like most is processify and acculturate. Processify is a sequence task.

Unknown Speaker  35:55  
How are you on time? I can say five more minutes.

Unknown Speaker  36:03  
Hello, hey, much again? Going to sleep.

Unknown Speaker  36:15  
Okay, we'll see you later. Little moment, okay, you

Unknown Speaker  36:35  
What is

Unknown Speaker  36:41  
it? Sleeping? Huh? Okay,

Speaker 3  36:44  
they had picked, they were able to pick an asteroid that actually had precious metals and high concentration and there's a weird, interesting regulatory,

Speaker 1  37:02  
yeah, so yes, to summarize, read the Charlie's paper and or put it on GPT and explain your company situation and ask how would a cold trade and process if I would look like, okay, I can send you the transcript for our meeting like I was recording, okay, yeah, sorry. I should have fat no, no. Second I wouldn't commit too much on your first customer and create an option set, and same for the solution sets. What else? Oh, if I were you, I wouldn't hire too fast. Okay, yeah.

Speaker 2  37:46  
And if you so, there's so instead of hiring, would you outsource? You would like say, for example, we need engineering capability. You would contract that out for the for initial

Speaker 1  38:02  
it feels no one that I met knows the answer, but my sense is you should have capability to evaluate whether the outsourced product is good or not before choosing to outsource. Okay, that goes with hiring as well. But my point is, you should try to somehow balance your knowledge with the growth of the company, like, if you don't know anything, then you might want to slow down the funding. Fundraising.

Speaker 2  38:40  
Okay, okay, yeah, great, great, yeah, well, thank you so much, Angie. I really appreciate sure we have. We.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
