My Heart, Hart, Angie, how are you?

I am always surprised by your passion.

Passion. Well, I'm just trying to stay warm. My wife, these days I've been wearing a scarf. I'm so cold in the house

I've never expected you to wear a red hat. I thought you were in France, like art, yeah.

Well, you know, I'm very stylish. Okay, what are we talking about? Angie, we only have 30 minutes. How are you

I'm working, and I think my brain is developing fast, so that's good news, good survival instinct. Yes, yes. So I put everything that I want to get your feedback on the Lucky Seven feedback document,

on the what, which document,

the document that I shared earlier, that

Oh, though I put a comment in it already. That one, yeah, put the link here so I can find it again. Sure.

Yep, here we go.

So I guess I would first ask the most pressing question and then jump into like my planning. So if you go to the tap, if you see the left column, I made a tab for or

sorry, the last column, I don't

see the column on the left.

Oh, your tabs. Yeah,

three tabs. And so the question, the last one is the tab three?

Yeah, I'm in tab three.

Okay, cool. So, um, I need some feedback, or actually, I need some advice on, how do you evaluate between the two frames? And the way I'm approaching this is I have some, like, empirical

i I'm gonna tell you right now that you've got a real problem with these framings.

Okay, okay.

Like, take this one. You're citing Spence, an economist, comparing him to Zuckerman, a sociologist and deep house a management guy. These are not one audience,

I see, I see, got it. Got it. So

the comments I put in your other document that you sent was you talk only about importance, but you don't talk about our interestingness, nothing about audience.

Got it. How's the one that I just put it in? So this focuses on the actual blank

is not blank is not really a scholar. Sarah bossy and McGrath Are are you talking to them? Are they your audience?

So that's the audience cut. I think Scott is against.

But do you want them to be your audience? Do you know how to talk to these people? Sara's Vasi was the last of the Herb Simon students, her work is the opposite of yours. It's very you know, what is the word she uses? She effectuation. These words are vague and her work is vague. Yeah.

So that's why I correct me if I'm wrong, but I felt the null is something you're against, right? Like the straw man argument. So I'm trying to say that yes, but you

can't what? But you can't write up. You've got to co opt either. You have to write the paper such that the person you're arguing against will go ahead and say, Aha, yeah, I can see their point, right, which usually means not saying or alternatively, you write it for someone else where you're arguing against that person, but read these people don't read models. Okay? They don't look at math,

sure, but Rita

McGrath sees a Greek letter and she'll die dead. Okay?

So I guess what I'm trying to say is, do you agree it's general perception that startup need to be very agile and flexible and vague, like go forward.

That's not i i read that, and I don't agree with that in the following sense, okay, you're putting agile and flexible as synonyms. I agree with that vague is not a synonym for agile and flexible. However, that's why I don't agree you can be agile and flexible and not be vague in your communications, because I imagine you mean vague and communicating. So while agile and flexible are synonyms, close synonyms, vague is orthogonal to agile and flexible.

Got it so. So

that's why I don't agree.

Yeah, I agree with your disagreement. So the clean example is Tesla saying, Oh, we're going to innovate the mobility sector like this is, like, the very vague statement, and the specific one is, oh, we're gonna deliver l4 autonomous vehicle by 2027 so this is, like, very precise. So I'm trying to contrast it.

I got it. But they could be vague in their language, but still precise in what Non, non flexible in what they do.

Actually, the example I'm using is Tesla is vague and mobile. I is very precise.

I understand, but my point is only this. You can imagine a two by do big, vague and precise vagueness. On one axis, low to high and agile. On the other axis, low to high, I see, I see they could be agile. So you're an operations person. Ultimately, agility is built into the design of the system you could build something that is not agile, is very refined to a narrow task, and yet still talk and use language. Got it. Got it. That is not that's my point. There's a distinction between what we do, the system, we build the technology, build the technology, the software stack we build and the language we use to communicate with others. These are decoupable. In fact, there's a whole literature in sociology going back, you know, a long time on on on notions of decoupling.

Got it So, you're saying Agile is something of an action and vague as how we communicate, so what we say and how we act are two different things.

Yeah, that's right, they can be lined up. There's four quadrants in that, two by two. Got it there firms say something very precise and design a non agile system. Yeah, it need not be the case.

Got it? I understand so Hart, what I'm trying to capture here is the numbers of option that founder has. And this is relevant to your, like, your trilogy, which I really like. Like, how many ideas does founder have? Like, for instance, if I have LIDAR sensor, I can have like, two different markets to see, like, commercial or private ownership. Yeah, this is how I act, meaning that I don't want to commit myself too early on, so that I have to pay the cost later for commitment cost.

So but here's the challenge, Angie, your novelty, ultimately, or part at a very high level, is you're building in both their language and their systems. Let's call them their systems. Okay, right? There's massive literature and operations and elsewhere that just looks at agility in terms of systems or design, etc, how flexible or inflexible you're not adding anything by doing that, right? Yours is the coupling of it to vagueness in their communication, coupling. There's 50 Years of most. It's dead now, because no one's done it for decades, because it's so old on on flexible versus non flexible, organizations, technologies, designs, blah. Okay, okay, okay, so your novelty is the is the vagueness in language?

Yeah, exactly.

So when you talk, but vagueness in language does not, does not line up with agile in design is my, is my statement.

I see, I see, so I will bring up the slide that defines how I define vagueness, and I need your check on whether that aligns with your expectation. But meanwhile, I put in page two where I ultimately want to go, remember, like we had a chat on news vendor idea, and yes, the numbers of option we have here is the inventory. So I define commitment costs and flexibility costs where

I'm supposed to be. Look what am I supposed to be? Looking at the diagram,

yeah, the page two diagram.

There's no page numbers in the document.

I'm sorry. I will put it

this one with the U shaped curve

under like, can you scroll down a little?

Okay, I see it now. Yeah,

thank you.

Good looking picture.

I am

too much time with chat, with various chat bots, to make pretty pictures.

I feel at ease when I'm drawing. You know why

you're making a you're making the fundamental doctoral student error. You're working on something where at the end of the day you can feel you made progress. This is really good looking, and it always feels good to work on something where at the end of the day, you could say, I've got something concrete, and it crowds out. To go back to your idea. It crowds out the thing where progress is the thing that maybe this is a paper idea in and of itself, the thing where progress is concrete crowds out the thing where progress is ambiguous

always, yeah,

I remember when I was on the job market, I spent like weeks before going on the market, refining my empirical strategy. It was the wrong thing, but I felt like I made progress every day, and it was the wrong thing to do anyway. This is beautiful. Okay, so tell me what I'm supposed to take away from it. I like this slide.

No, Hart, that's exactly what I'm pointing to, because the U shape came from the empirical evidence, and Charlie and Scott and I were interpreting that as there are two ways to success. One are those who are very precise, who has an IP or like they have done six years of PhD on it and word expert on it. So investors who are attracted to that are very analyst, whereas the other one, who they are the ones who are very vague, but can sell the butterfly. So they're like visionaries. So what's like when you say the ambiguity is crowded out by the specificity?

But yeah, for in my story about PhD students, you and me, yeah, I meant that it's the inherent human reward system that crowds it out that we we feel a sense of self efficacy when we can measure progress clearly versus when we can't measure our progress. Even if the ground truth is we make the same amount of progress if one we can measure when we can't, we will always prefer the thing to measure. I agree with that. Yeah, I'm looking at this beautiful slide.

Okay, thanks for at least complimenting.

No, it's really good looking. So yeah, you want to avoid making these kinds of slides when you're on the market, though, and talking to people, may I ask why? Depending on the field you're in, many fields, including operations use that people use very stripped down slides, often made using latex. It's a sign by doing that, and different fields differ. My field is different. Different fields differ for economists and operations types and finance types. Latex is the normal use. This signals you're not legitimate in their field. Yeah.

Do you how fast do you think that would change?

It will not change in the short run, interesting. We've had better tool. We've had better tools for making slides than latex for a long time,

but I don't know, like all those talk, prices are like plummeting, and because of nano bananas, performance is so good,

but you don't you're missing the whole purpose. Tools that are signaling legitimacy is our signal, not they're not about the ease or difficulty. They're they're messaging. Does she understand what we do is she one of us? Can I speak to her? Yes, like this is beautiful. I agree with that. But it sends, it'll send to a broader audience. It sends the wrong signal. Got it. It could not for everyone, obviously.

So I am doing in parallel. So I'm also have a latex AI agent, so I'm part of you. But here I'm showing this not because it's about the first topic, but just to get the idea of what is commitment cost and what is flexibility cost. So my point here is, like flex, that my idea is flexible means more options, and that's when you need to be vaguer, like you don't want to commit to only lighter sensor in a V market, because there are a lot of new technology that can disrupt that?

Yeah. So this is, I have a number of papers doing formal models of real options. The problem with a lot of the real option stuff, Rita McGrath, in particular, she's the biggest fuck up because she can't read math, is the key thing with any option story is, is, what are the cost of the options. If options are free, you should always have more,

yeah, but that's what flexibility cost is for.

Yes, that's exactly it.

Yeah, if you have more, you have to manage that so you get

that, that that's right. Well, they create costs in a variety of ways. Yeah, one, one is simply the cost of an of investing in an additional option. The second is the organizational cost that creates interactions between those options,

right? Like cannibalization. It

could be cannibalization of cognitive resources. But there could also be positives. There also could be complementarities between those options. Yeah, it's actually there. You know, there's lots to say there. Rita McGrath is just hand wavy. Her book is basically, keep options open. Well, there are conditions under which that's a true statement,

is that about the competency trap, where you're sacrificing your future option for like,

No, that's a different they're related mathematically, but it's in the literature, a different story, okay, okay, the competency trap goes back to JOVANOVICH in the Econ literature in the 90s,

do you are you aware of capability trap in

these are, these are all variants on the same story.

So competency, capability and like capacity, all same thing.

Capacity is an operations term, so I'll leave that, but they all have the same mathematical properties.

Often, Okay, thanks, right?

What is beneficial in a myopic sense, is costly in a overall it these are basically just stories of different time discounting regimes, right?

Yeah, makes sense. Okay, yeah. So, to step back a little um, I need.

Did you use nano banana for these, for this slide? What did you use

this notebook? LLM, I

you had notebook? LLM, do it? Boy. It did a beautiful job. Good looking. It didn't

take a lot of time. I just paste it in the output of the chat, G, P, T, and it created a slide. And beautiful. Thanks. So and if you scroll down a little more, this is the exact vagueness metric I used so categorical vagueness and concreteness deficit in order to calculate,

by the way, I would tell you you don't want you don't want Zuckerman or ponticus. I, I know her quite well. You these are people that will not like your work, just so, you know, I

see, yeah, but here I needed some

no from I'm just saying for measures, it's fine, but you'd want to avoid these people in the front. These are sociologists, through and through,

got it? Um, yeah, so look, I guess the core question here is, how should I frame my introduction for the U shape, meaning that

but we name the person who's the audience. Until you can do that, you can't frame the you can't free an art an intro, if an introduction says something interesting, a surprise, it tells you why it's important, and it tells you why it's plausible for that audience. You can't evaluate the interesting, important and face validity plausibility without naming the audience, because different audiences have different nulls. Yeah, you're, you're you're stuck. You're stuck here. You've been stuck on this point for a long it's very hard for a student to get this because you don't know something that looks like a homogeneous audience to you, looks like Bert and Martians to me, right? And they look the same to you. And that's not a critique of you. That's just,

yeah, I see. Thanks for sympathizing with the struggle. It's really hard.

No, it's very hard. No, there are lots of senior faculty that don't get it, so don't worry about it. But I I need to pick. The worst is not picking.

Okay? So Scott Stern, is my audience?

Good, fine. Then write for economists who sort of sit at the intersection of technology and strategy.

Fine. So how the how would that affect my seven sentence that I showed earlier, what's my strategy are?

Are they so Spence's signaling is not about vague. Does he say vagueness signals incompetence?

No, I good. Point

Spence's signaling story is that when you have some latent quality that would be valuable to, let's say, a customer or whatever, and there's no way of showing to them that thing you send a costly signal. So this is like fancy busses in the mountains of Guatemala or Nepal. Why are the busses painted so fancy? And the answer to that is you, if you might rationally say, why do they spend so much money making their busses so pretty on the outside, when they could put that money into maintaining the busses? And the answer is, the fancy designs on the busses are to show that the bus owner, driver cares, so that you you'll believe that the brakes work. It's it's a costly signal to tell you the brakes will work. Got it, got it. That's got nothing to do with vagueness. In fact, painting the bus is quite a vague thing.

Making May I go ahead? Yeah, so I think signaling would more justify my argument later on, because my original hypothesis is the vaguer you are, you have more options. So given that, you

but I want to be distinct between the signal the signaling story. So you don't understand this. The problem is you don't understand the signaling story

by sentences, yeah,

but your signaling story is wrong.

I'm using the signaling as if you have an IP, and if your perception of your technology is super good, you're filing for IP, and that acts as a signal that attracts the analyst types of investors. So I may be wrong in putting them early on in the introduction, because that's not the null I'm attacking, but that is used later to support the this surprise of the paper,

that that's fine, but it's not your null is not about this. I don't think that Spence would ever say advisor entrepreneurs are advised to be clear and specific. I don't know how you attribute that to Spence from Spence 73

Don't you think filing for IP is a signaling?

No, it can be, but not necessarily so. IP has Take. Take the painted busses in Guatemala, Guatemala and Nepal, okay, that's purely some signals have. Are some things one invests in have signal value and other value. Painting the bus only has signal value. It has no other value. It doesn't make the ride more comfortable. It doesn't do anything. It's a that's why that example is so famous.

Well, so if I say in software where it is really easy to, like, copy the technology, but people still file for IP, would you say it's like, similar to boss example?

It might be, it might be closer. It might but I just like, you don't want to be the way you, because the good economists like Scott stern will not be using the word signal in in a lazy way. He'll have red and 73 and but you're using it in a throw away.

Yeah, I now because my board spelling that out, um,

so what's your null? So I under, okay, so let's, let's take it's going to be Scott stern as the audience, okay, right, yeah. What null Do you want to lay out? And is it? What would his null be, and how general is his null, got it?

Give me a second, please. So I like using, using the prior I have updated while chatting with you. I updated the seven seconds, and I will pull up the slide that shows no Okay,

so this graph, like the straight line, is my null, like The vaguer it, oh, sorry. The vaguer it is, the higher long term survival probability becomes, oh, sorry, I'm sorry. Can you read the graph by any chance? Yeah, let me

make it bigger here. I don't think that would be Scott's, no,

oh, that's what we discussed at least last week, but it was a very like first meeting, so it was a little vague.

Here's his null hit. Scott's now would be that the vaguer they are, the longer they survive. Okay? I'm very surprised.

No, that's what we are attacking in the end, right?

Who's attacking? Who's the

paper or the paper discovered this is not true, but

this is, is this? Some Who's is this? Scott Stern's null.

So when you say, No, is it that he believes in it or he doesn't believe in it?

He believes it?

Oh, I thought null is something you don't believe in. No,

no, the null is the taken for granted. It's H zero to your H 1h,

zero is something I don't believe in, isn't it?

It's the thing you're calling the gospel.

Yeah, oh, I see. I see,

is this Scott Stern's gospel that the vaguer they are, the longer they survive.

No, I guess that's like a sociologist, action school, yeah, sociology

advocating, I don't know who the action school is. Is that sociologists? Who's the action school.

Oh, Scott has a word called Action school versus planning school. And like, oh, so

the action school is Sarah's Vasi and these, yeah, I don't even think their null would be the vaguer you are. If you put that out there, that people, I think even they, would say, this is this is a strong this is such a strong man. It's not what I think. I'm more nuanced than that. I I think Go ahead,

may I add that this long term survivability, survive is given that you have secure series A like, within three years, how? What is the probability of you securing Series B? So, yeah, yeah, you already have some funding,

I understand. But who is going to buy? The more vague you are. So the optimal though, your audience has to think you're that the optimal thing to do is obfuscate as much as possible. I see, I see, I see. I see, no one believes that. No one could. It's too strong. I see, even if they believe that, you know, at the MAR a marginal unit of vagueness is better at some point in the average around the mean, that doesn't mean that they think that it's a straight line up, because this just says, be as vague as possible. Try never to speak anything sensible.

No, it's not like that,

but that's what this says. This figure

level of vagueness differs like

but this says the more the drawing. This page says, be as vague as possible.

I would do that that, but

that's what this picture is. This picture is saying the audience is null is be as vague as possible.

But aren't there a lot of literature that warns or gains committing into something, meaning like, I can say that I'll gonna solve your customer problem with AI, or I can say I will use it as deep learning. Or I can say, like deep learning with some Yeah.

First of all, I want to distinguish between to go back to, because we're gonna have to leave in a second as soon as Zee Ling gets here, my student, that is confounding, what they're doing with what they're saying. They're not this. They're not the same thing.

Okay, yeah, I think if you showed show this to people, to your audience, remember, it is your audience's null, it is your audience. You need to surprise, okay, okay, right. In some sense, i That's why your Spence thing was better. If you can find a way to do it without using Spence and signaling theory, or maybe you can find a way to you say that being not vague is the best thing to do. And then for your audience, you show how being a bit vague is good.

I see, yeah, I think that's better.

That's right. You're on your Scott. Remember, you got to hear Scott talking. I don't know Scott very well. I've met him a number of times over the years, but I don't know him particularly well, but I can still hear Scott talking, and I can hear his particular tone of voice in my head. And, yeah, so, so, so if you want to talk to that audience, right? So think about Scott's paper with David shoe. This was David shoe at Wharton, his job market paper 22 years ago was, do portfolio companies pay for better venture capital? Prior to Scott and David, the idea was venture capital provided funding. And David and Scott come along and say, which is sort of the financial economists take on it, right? David and Scott come along and say, no, they do much more than funding, that's what. And if that's true, then portfolio companies would would be willing to take worse terms from higher status or higher capability. Venture capital firms, I see, I see, which is what they show. Oh, wow. So they start with the audience's null. This is only about financing, because at the time, venture capital was the domain of financial economists. Got it, Gompers learner. These were the people and others. And so they come along and say, no, no, this is not just the financial economist world. These VCs are selling something in addition to dollars I

see, yeah, I heard that the mug that leaning something theorem says that the finance and operations are independent with each other, but that's not true in the entrepreneurship world. So perhaps that's what Charlie might like,

Yeah, but so just keep in mind Scott and ask, What would Scott's null be? Got it this, this is, this is the opposite of Scott's null. This, you're this would be the sociologist null. And I don't actually think it's even the sociologist null. Mike Hannah would not go along with this. Elizabeth pontificus would not go along with this.

Got it? Yeah, I will just thank I've known

Elizabeth since she was, since she was a student. I know how she thinks,

Okay, thank you. I'll just

her husband juggles fire side show.

That's very specific image in my head. Okay, I will just end with the graph I just posted. This is not for me, but it's 2025 paper. I just put it on Zoom chat, which says that the if the founder has a rhetoric orientation as a human capital, the vaguer language they're using, the more investor interest they gain for the red line. So yeah,

you want to separate vagueness and language. You don't want to conf if you're only going to be working with vagueness and language, you don't want to confuse it with, with with with flexibility and design.

Just to be clear, this is not the length. What I'm measuring is not the language of the founder, but it's like a market positioning, meaning, like pitch, book, data, the market.

That's fine, but that's got nothing to do with flexible. That is flexible. It's not operational flexibility. You're using your use you know you want to make when you started off by talking about flexibility and things like that, you want to make sure that you're not confusing the audience by thinking you're talking about operational flexibility.

How do you define like what's your perception of operational flexibility?

We build a factory that can only produce green cars. It can produce red cars. It can't produce airplanes, and it can't produce computers only green cars.

So isn't this what this is measuring like, for instance,

language is decoupled. Language can be decoupled from operate from actions.

Okay. Like

so. Henry Ford had a factory that could produce any color cars, but his language was, we only make black cars. His factory could have produced blue cars.

I thought founders language influence how they're perceived what they can do in the market.

That's the perception in the market, but that doesn't say what they can actually do.

Does that matter?

Well, when you talk about it, you can your language, and talking about it confuses me when you talk about flexibility, I'm thinking first and foremost about operational flexibility, right? Yeah. All I'm saying is these things are not necessarily highly they can be highly correlated, but they can also be unco low, low correlation.

Got it. Got it. Yeah, how, if you're me, like, Would you be very careful about like, using this words like I what I mean is having many options, right?

I would just be very clear in how you use the words right now, you're using them loosely. Got it. And so anyone who knows these literatures is going to be confused about whether Angie is talking about the way we do sit or the way we talk about the way we do shit, which are two different things.

Got it okay?

Sometimes they're correlated, sometimes they're not. Thank you very much. Henry Ford could have made any color he wanted. He just Cho he says, I'm not going to do it. I'm only going to make black.

Yeah, Scott mentioned that Rebecca Henderson and several other had a paper on using the 10k data, like what they're going to do, what they say they're going to do, is what they actually do. So I thought they were similar.

They might be similar, but they don't need to be similar. And you have to be careful on distinguishing between startups and public companies. What a public company has to report in their 10k is has legal constraints.

Oh, I see, I see, yeah,

right, what a venture capital company, what a portfolio company has say is, is unbounded legally.

So if I want to discuss about this in my paper, does it go in the introduction or in the like?

I don't know. I still can't picture what the paper looks like

yet. Okay,

yeah, I have to go though. We're get that paragraph that or get a page you know you're working on here. But if you're going to pick Scott Stern, make Scott stern the null, make economists of his ilk in the technology entrepreneurship space the now, right? Yeah, and use use that to say, You know what? You might think that being really not communicating really clearly is a really good thing. They might think that you have to get the language just right and then say but actually, there are important conditions under which being ambiguous has merit.

I see, I see, would you cite strategic ambiguity? Or No,

I don't know. I I don't know yet, got it. I had Yeah, the what the stuff you're struggling over here is the hard stuff to do. Get this right, everything else is easy. Get this wrong, and everything else is super, super hard.

Yeah, thanks for letting me know that, like your last comment, that 70% of this paper's popularity decided by the introduction somehow made me focus on this, which I think, is it

good, but you've picked someone now. Now you said I'm going to work on Scott Stern, okay, spend a few days trying to organize a framing of a contribution of if Scott is the audience and his type, what would be interesting for him? Why would it be important? Why should he buy it?

Okay, okay, right. Thank you very much.

Good to see you again. Angie, you Hart, thanks. Bye, bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
