Speaker 1  0:00  
Industrialization, like our consumption moves. I 100%

Speaker 2  0:32  
Well, I luckily it was waiting, yeah, so

Speaker 3  0:42  
you look at your Alright

Unknown Speaker  0:47  
guys, I

Speaker 1  0:54  
apologize. We're a minute early. I'm sorry. I feel bad starting I'll entertain you. Have something interesting to show you, actually, as we discuss the case that I'm sort of pretty fascinated by, related to sort of chatgpt style tools. How did you use chat? GPT for for the assignment, we're all adults.

Speaker 1  1:39  
Two things like, one, we're all adults, and two, I like work in the space, so, you know, yeah, right, like, like, it'd be like a drug dealer telling me not to do drugs, or something like that, except Good drugs. It was something that I wanted to

Unknown Speaker  2:02  
pull some formula like convince chat GPT that it was going wrong.

Speaker 1  2:14  
So, like my oldest daughter, she doesn't know how to write code, but she's she's discovered that she can kind of, you know, go to chatgpt, and then she wants to do things. And she told me that, like, her approach is basically to do something, and doesn't even read the answer. She just keeps saying you're wrong, like, two or three times, and then she used the answer. Yes, we got to learn some kids. The thing I want to talk about, and I'll talk about it later, really fascinating, right? I mean, I think these tools are, like indispensable part of my daily life, at some levels, like the thing I'm sort of fascinated by understanding how best to work with, like, what are the what are the boundaries? And the boundaries are constantly changing, too. And so last night, I was sort of curious about what would happen at various levels if I kind of threw information about what we were talking about today to a sophisticated model, three, right? And if I interacted with it, what, you know, what would be, what would we get back? It's sort of a mixed bag. Actually. I want to kind of share that with you. Has nothing to do with the case, per se, but I think it has something to do with, you know, the right way to work with information, right? Like, we're all like, information rich jobs and information rich businesses, right? So anyways, I was pretty fascinated with it. Should I show it or not? Then I dumped it in a couple slides and I'll share things. Okay, code is up here. Let's actually get started. Okay,

Speaker 1  4:07  
yeah, by the way, before we get started, something came up to me before class, and very kindly told me, very politely told me that they found the calculations at the end of Tuesday's class a little quick. I think they were actually a little bit quick, right? We spent so much time discussing stuff which was kind of cool, and then that got kind of compressed a little bit at the end. So I guess, right. But, you know, one thing is, if you find something quick, hopefully, yes, it was not. But you know, if you find something quick, there's tons of resources, including, okay, to find something quick, like just, just holler at me, and we can, we can, we can spend time kind of delving into that piece, right? In any event, I like using the first piece of class to kind of catch up on what we just talked about, right? So that's that sort of thing is holding closure, as we tend to, sort of, they're sort of like, there's sometimes these impedance mismatches, right? Like, where, like, somebody's talking, you're listening, and they're talking at a pace where, like, you know, to them, it's trivial, and they just kind of go through it. You're seeing it for the first time a little bit to give you a little bit jarring. So I appreciate the defeat the person that came up to me at the start. Thank you. And as I said, right, there's no, no biggie. Okay, so I'm actually pretty excited about today's class. Today's class actually a real class in the sense of, we're going to talk about what is kind of a real like problem, right? And it's a messy problem. It's a messy problem because we're talking about a service system, but we're talking about, like most like, a real world service system, right? Real world service systems, right? The thing with them is there aren't necessarily very carefully established processes, right? These real world service systems, oftentimes, they tend to come together over time in pretty messy ways, right? Like, you know, you start, and you can see this in pretty large organizations too, by the way, right? Like when you start doing some task. In this case, it was testing the pre anecdo passing, right? But it could just as easily be, you know, the task of, like, calling somebody that's delinquent on the loan, right? Or the task of like, you know, calling a sales team, whatever, all of these things are processes, right? And oftentimes, holding organizations, you find that these processes are kind of a little bit random, right? They're a little bit random because they've kind of been clued together over time via the expertise of a very large distributed group of people, right? And nobody has actually sat down, oftentimes, kind of taken a step back, kind of looked at it and sort of tried to understand, hey, what's going on. And so what I found is that, like in these sorts of service systems, where there's like huge amounts of opportunity, right, by the way, there's a lot of challenges in getting them to kind of run right, okay? And I think media is kind of a nice example of one, okay, I find a really nice example. So a little bit of a story, a little bit of background on this case. This is actually a real engagement between, you know, MBA and a bunch of colleagues at MIT, right? So and the consulting firm, this, that, and all those kind of stuff, right? But I love this case because it kind of, you know, so it kind of just no wonder view the case if they just did some analysis and they left it at that, and whatever. But it's much more than that. And so, so excited to talk to you about about this, and kind of share, hear your thoughts, okay, but just to sort of take a step back, this is sort of where we are, right? You know, we started this, this class, on the first day of this week. And really, this is a class of our product strategy, right? That's, that's kind of what it's about. And product strategy where you just kind of talk about the product independent of your capabilities, and how you're going to put that product together in a compelling way. That's, that's, that's incomplete, right? And so, you know, we've been talking about a number of tools that guide product strategy in service businesses, okay? That's kind of been our, you know, our focus, right? And we've seen a few of these tools. The first is kind of just understanding what the process is. Okay, we'll double click on, sort of the process for PETA in a quick second. And then we said, okay, it's sort of useful to kind of understand how these things map to congestion, right, right? We'll talk about how these things map to congestion, right? And you see the two tools. One would be sort of build up diagrams where we talked about working with predictable variability. I'll try to just stick with that today, because that's kind of what you had when you were, you know, preparing for it, really working on this case. And then yesterday, we talked some, you know, about the viewing theory, and it helps us deal with unpredictable variability, right? And we sort of applied it, like, you know, on the surface, at a few different places. But today we'll kind of dive, dive a little bit. Okay, so this is where we are. Go ahead, yeah, I think you made

Speaker 4  9:19  
your expertise in this area. I just want to get of the hypotheses I have is that voice AI business model, especially

Unknown Speaker  9:31  
for service businesses taking calls.

Speaker 1  9:40  
So you know, instead of answering your question the abstract, I prefer to answer it like, actually, in context. Let's have a few slides towards the end of today's session where, you know, hopefully we kind of get to the bottom. One thing I will say at this point, though, is the most successful, the most successful kind of app companies, right? Are very kind of focused on taking, you know, an enlist, an existing process, right? And kind of smoothing out that process, making that process sort of easier, right? That's, that's kind of what they're what they're focused on. And still, there's no shortage of Jenny I companies that are trying to make a dent in healthcare. I'll talk about one again, please. I think three value. One, right? And it kind of speaks to, kind of how you might think about where, right? And it's not really. The interesting thing is, it's not, it's not like a hammer looking for a nail, right? Like, if I were to summarize it in one word, like, there's a lot of these companies that are hammers looking for nails, that's generically terrible, but like, up here, it's like, especially because you can kind of really fool yourself into thinking you've got value. The most successful companies start the other way around, and we'll see. All right, okay, so here, let's get started. You know, my game plan is to kind of be sort of pretty straightforward here. So what I'd like to do is spend a little bit of time, you know, kind of just quantifying everything.

Speaker 1  11:17  
It's packet saying there's something wrong with my pencil. I could swear, like twice, did all night, and it's back to saying 0% maybe there's something wrong with pencil. So I'll just keep putting it back. So, so I'm going to start with with this sort of, you know, with sort of this process flow diagram and congestion analysis, which a lot of you, you know, probably did, um, I'm not going to take too long doing that right, like getting exact numbers and so on and so forth. That's besides the point over here, not for this class, because this is a case discussion. For case discussions. We won't post this any slide. Ah. Yes, but in any event, sorry, right? So coming back to this, I'm not, you know, I'll talk about the calculations I did. Calculations are different. Got different numbers. I mean, like, don't sweat it, right? Like, the point is just getting the thinking right. And I don't want to spend a huge amount of time there. Instead, I'd like to quickly, kind of do that, talk about, you know, the task force recommendations that you guys analyzed and thought about. And then finally, where I'd like to spend time again, most of our time is what we, you know, the last book. Okay, so what would we actually do here? Because I think there's a pretty rich, like, meaningful discussion to be had there that goes beyond just like numbers and things like that. Okay, questions before we get started on anything. Okay, let's go all right. So I've equipped you guys with this process flow diagram, right? This was part of what you kind of looked at. There's a lot of value, by the way, in knowing the process to begin with. I mean, this is embedded in the case, but flushing it out is important. Actually, we'll see that later. We'll exemplify that later, right? But this was the process diagram, right? Patients come in, they check in, there's a waiting room. They get vitals and EKG done. They have to wait some more. CRN, the RN part is a little bit complicated, because the RN first reviews charts and sits down with the person and then writes up notes, right? So it's kind of three little pieces, then they might have to wait some more. Cnmd, same story. The MD reviews, the case history, sits down with the person and then potentially has to write up some more on the chart. And then finally, based on all that, there's sort of a phlebotomy kind of thing about, you know, blood work that you need to do. And then finally, right? So that was sort of the original kind of thing. And to sort of simplify things, right? The case gave us, like, pretty complicated, pretty detailed infants, or arrives at 707, and so on and so forth, right? Just to kind of clean up all that, right? You know, you can use that, by the way, if you if you wanted to. I just kept it very simple, right? So I said, Look, I'm going to assume, you know, demand is basically, you know, eight patients an hour, because they schedule, you know, four patients for every half hour, right? So demand is about eight patients an hour, between seven and noon, and two and three, and then over lunch hour between 12 and two. You know, demand goes down. They schedule a few patients. It's only four patients an hour, okay, so that's, that's demand. And then we can kind of think about each of these stages in the same spirit as Burger King McDonald's, right? This is like, really no different than Burger King McDonald's. So the same story, right? And so that first stage, right? You know, it takes so two minutes a patient, right? So what that means is, if it's two minutes a patient, you can do 30 patients an hour. There's one attendant doing this. And so in effect, that one attendant can kind of see 30 patients an hour. And so our utilization over here, kind of averaged over the course of the day, is 23% okay, so pretty, pretty low utilization. And then, you know, you can, you can look at vitals and EKG area, right? Same story, you know, 1010, minutes of patients. So each attendant can see six patients an hour. There's two technicians, so they can together see 12 patients an hour, right? And at lunch, it goes down because they stagger their lunch, right? One guy goes off, you know, first thing, and then the second person in the second hour. So at lunch, they can only do six patients an hour if you kind of average out demand divide by sort of average capacity over this time, that's a utilization of 60 cents per seat. And then you can kind of look at this RN stage, right? The RN stage was five minutes for the chart review, 27 minutes for the visit, 11 minutes for the write up, right? So sum total, that's 44 minutes, right, or 43 minutes. Sorry, it's 43 minutes right. And so you know each each nurse can do almost one and a half patients an hour, 1.4 patients right, 43 minutes per patient. So in an hour, you can do 1.4 patients right, and there's five nurses. So with those five nurses, we can do seven patients an hour. Same story with the staggering over lunchtime, right? So over lunchtime, they kind of stagger their lunch break. Over lunch, you know, they can see 2.8 patients an hour. And of course, that's that's an issue that will potentially talk about in a second, right? Here's kind of the MD, very similar to the RN, right? 10 minutes, but it's a bit longer. 10 minutes for the review, 37 minutes for the visit, 17 minutes for the write up. That's 64 minutes total. And so each MD can do about a patient an hour. And so with the eight MDs, they can see about 7.5 patients an hour, being precise. And then we can kind of do the same thing, you know, in the blood phlebotomy, the blood work lab that also has a pretty, pretty low utilization, okay, so pretty, pretty straightforward over here. Um, so let's start with, like, a pretty just warm up and gonna get, get going with this. You know, what's, where's sort of the what's going to cause problems? Alexis,

Speaker 5  17:22  
yeah, it's bottleneck, because our

Speaker 1  17:29  
absolutely right. So the RN thing is the obvious bottleneck up here, right? In the sense that, you know, you see efficient scenario, right? So that's, that's that. So it's a bottleneck that's going to generate, you know, a ton of delay, right? And, like, we'll see, you know, in a second, we'll kind of go through our standard playbook for thinking about the delay this might generate. How, actually, I'm sure you guys did this, right? How did you kind of calculate, you know, what delays this would contribute the bottleneck at the RN Yes, go ahead, pull up diagram. So pretty straightforward, right? It's that same JetBlue type playbook we looked at, kind of, you know, how many people build up as a result of the RN station kind of being a bottleneck. You can kind of calculate the average number of people waiting to figure out what delay that corresponds to, right? And we'll do we'll do that in a quick second, right? But as we're sort of staring at this, right? So we'll do the calculation. But let's say we did the calculation and we decided to sort of add an RN or something like that, right? We'll talk about that in a second. So let's say we decide to do that. Would we be done? Would our delays disappear? Yeah, done. No. Okay. What would happen next? The MDS would be the next bottleneck. And so presumably, and why would the MDS be the next bottleneck? So let's say you fix the bottleneck at the RN stage. What would that happen? Why MDS not the bottleneck right now? Like asking Stan, why MDS not the bottleneck Sandra, because they already have Yeah. So basically, you know, we're asking at what rate do patients kind of come in over here, right? What rate would that be? Yeah, and so that's like seven patients an hour, right? At best, they can work at seven patients now. So, yeah, this is going to be seven patients an hour. So and these guys can serve a 7.5 so right now, there's no bottom line. But if we fix this bottleneck, what you're saying is basically that will then become whatever eight patients an hour. This is 7.5 we'll have a new bottleneck. Everybody. Deal with this right? Perfect. Ask you another question, which you didn't necessarily need to talk about in your case, but just given our discussion yesterday. So at some level, we can kind of think about the RN delay as caused by basically predictable variability, right? This is scheduled. It's not. None of this is a surprise, so that is absolutely expected. This, of course, will be unpredictable variability too, right? You know, the you know, none of these people are perfect, and in fact, like if you really dig into the case, the case also tries to quantify unpredictable. My question to you is, when you think in the status quo, unpredictable variability is contributing the most billing question makes sense, right? So if I went through cameras process, and we'll do all this carefully, but I first want to get, like, a high level kind of interview of what we're trying to do, right? So going back to Cameron's process, we already identified the RNs as a bottleneck. So because it's a bottleneck, there's going to be, like, this deterministic buildup of cases, right? That's predictable variability. Now let's say predictable variability is one thing. You can also have unpredictable variability, right for a variety of these QV, right? And so the question is, if I think about the delay contributed by unfrequencial variability, where do you think Sure? So the case stated that there is a very big variance in terms of the processing time for the orange visit, for the visit

Unknown Speaker  21:22  
based on the patient system. So all the patients, I don't remember the numbers, but it was like

Speaker 1  21:27  
huge difference, yeah, in the amount of minutes. Yeah. So, so where do you so why? Where do you think the contribution would be largest at what stage?

Unknown Speaker  21:38  
So it was, it was mentioned I would say,

Speaker 1  21:48  
Okay, so there's fundamental variability in service time you say, you know that could contribute high delays, right? Yeah, I want to push a little bit on this. Let's imagine for a quick second that the variability was round about the same kind of everywhere, right? Because these are human processes. Okay, so let's say, you know, that, remember, the coefficient of variation from yesterday, the CS, so to speak. Let's say CS is one everywhere. Okay, just this for a rule of you know, just as a sort of rule of thumb, right? We've got more detailed information. This is a rule of thumb. Say CS is one everywhere. Okay, if Cs were one everywhere, you know which? Which states do you think would contribute the most delay due to unpredictable variable? Well, let's see. I'm still learning names. Yeah. It

Unknown Speaker  23:12  
very qualitative reasons. Maybe the Tech game,

Unknown Speaker  23:20  
based on the formula, I would say that the place

Unknown Speaker  23:25  
with the biggest row will be,

Speaker 1  23:30  
so the RN is, you know, the deterministic stuff is just going to swamp out anything unquartile. So we've got to look at the row that's less than one, that's largest, and that's the MD, right? So anybody remember that picture we drew yesterday of you know what happens as utilization approaches one? Right? We turn through a picture that looked great, something like this, right? Say, analytic utilization and waves, and as it approaches one, we expect weight to kind of go off, right? Well, that's actually pretty close to one over there. Even though it's less than one, it's actually pretty close to one. So we're expecting that, yeah, you know, big chunk of delay is probably coming from the orange, right? And then there's probably like, like, if we really what kind of wanted to get into it, there's probably some delay due to unpredictable variability, due to all the things that he's talking about really right? And that's going to hurt the places where utilization is very high the most, right? And that's that guy over here. So we sort of look at this problem, right, without even doing any real work, right? What are we kind of seeing over here? What are sort of fake tables, yeah.

Speaker 1  24:50  
So what I'm saying is the iron is going to contribute a ton of things. It's going to be, it's going to be way larger than so here's where you're thinking about it, right? So you can have delays. You build ops, right? And these delays find like the worst. Why? Because, if fundamentally processing stores and the stuff is coming in, and so those delays tend to swap out unpredictable variability, right? So if you have systems, these systems, and we'll calculate to make right, like we'll calculate in the second, just to kind of convince ourselves of this, but at a high level, right? Like when you have unpredictable variability, we have this buildup that swamps out anything to do with, I'm sorry, a particular variability, right? And you have a buildup that swamps out into an unpredictable variability. So we're saying the iron state is not slightly under conjugation, right? But then we say, okay, there are stages utilization less than one, but you can add the impact of unpredictable variable, and you again be such a such a stage. Yeah, so what? So without having written anything down about any calculations, what's that kind of thinking about the system? Like, what's what's problematic? Like, what are the key kind of problematic errors? Yeah, just how to understand, just to clarify. So are we saying it becomes very sensitive, in

Unknown Speaker  26:11  
this case, in the process, then the other

Speaker 1  26:14  
processes, that's when you're very sensitive to variable, yeah, because if I sort of think about this, right, if I look at any product. So let's say I looked at that empty stage by itself, right. So what does that stage look like? Right? To Sandra's point from earlier, if I just looked at this corner here, right, let's just focus on this piece here, right? What does that look like? Well, you know, you've got seven patients coming in, right? These guys are doing something. There's probably some variability to share as points in how long they take, right, and then they leave. What is the utilization of that state? It's 90 some odd percent, 93% right. What we looked at yesterday was when you look when you have systems where utilization is close to one, right, even though utilization is less than one because of unpredictable variability. You can have weights, right? So we're saying, look at this first stage, right? We're going to have a ton of weight because of predictable variability, and we need to figure that out. And then you could have unpredictable variability impact weights at some of these other stations. If I were to kind of bet on where you know that might be highest, I'd look at this utilization and say, Yeah, although it's less than one, this is probably going to be problematic too, right? That's, that's kind of what we're saying. So anyway, so again to my question, right, to all of you, if we, you know, if we sort of, sort of stepped away from this, looked at this at sort of a 20,000 foot level, what's the core problem we think you know is happening? What's the difficult part of Derek?

Speaker 5  27:44  
I think there's two, there's one, there's not enough

Speaker 1  27:51  
staff. Good. So we're thinking like basically things and what staff in particular?

Speaker 5  27:55  
So I would consider the plasters like RNs. And

Speaker 1  27:59  
so the core of the issue is with the RNs and the MDS, right? That's, that's our kind of takeaway, like, right? Although the bottleneck is at the RN really the MDS. I mean, there's a problem there too, right? As we just discussed, if you fix the RN thing, a bottleneck with no right? So what we say, look, the core problem is with these RNs and MDs, right? And if we're going to fix this, we've got, like, we got to do one of two things, right? Either we hire more of them, or we make that pass that's kind of rough, yeah, okay, so let's, let's, let's, let's kind of put that in our back pocket, right? And we'll come back to that and think about that more meaningful, but I wanted to do this pass first, just to kind of make sure that we're kind of all on the same page. Okay, so questions from, from, from

Speaker 3  28:51  
all of these, yeah? Like not only standardizing, which is good, but also taking some of the workflow that's currently maintained by our end,

Speaker 1  29:00  
yeah, so I want to think about those fixes very carefully. Okay, so I'll come back to that. But what I'd want to do here is do this very quick pass first, just so that we're all kind of level set, right? Does it

Speaker 1  29:20  
have 13 professionals? So that's another thing we need to discuss. Okay, let me put these things over here. So I won't, you know, I won't put down the first thing, because we're going to discuss that in great detail. But remind me to come back to rooms, right? And ask you guys to think about rooms. So we'll come back and talk about that in a second. Okay, yeah.

Speaker 5  29:40  
So in this case, okay, obviously hiring more RMS and MTS is a solution, but in this case, the scenario mentioned that they cannot hire more people. They have a restriction in resources,

Unknown Speaker  29:55  
so then we'll have to make them faster.

Unknown Speaker  29:56  
So yeah,

Speaker 1  29:59  
yeah, I think I completely agree with you, but I think that's where this is gonna get fun. Yeah, so I want to get to that fun part, but first I just want to make sure that we're all kind of agreed on the basics over here, right? So, like, like, this is our slide. I just want to make sure that everybody's we're all on the same page with the basics, right, with the with the facts of the matter, right? I think you mentioned process

Unknown Speaker  30:25  
due to unpredictable variability,

Speaker 1  30:32  
right? They'll also contribute delays. But the only reason I did not focus as much on them is that picture over there, right? If I sort of think about it? Yes, unpredictable variability matters if you're kind of over here.

Speaker 1  30:55  
So I don't think there's like a hard and fast answer like my thinking over here is to first understand the magnitude of these various things, right? So, like, I, right. Like I, I suspect that the RN and MD thing is going to be really large. These other things are going to be kind of second order. I want to focus my attention on, like, the first order problems. Don't worry about the second order. But I'm not saying there's no issue there. There's potentially issues there too. So Well, I think we're racing ahead towards problem solving. We'll get there. I want to do that in a structured way, right? Yeah, the number, the number of people coming

Speaker 6  31:41  
to the so looking at the data spreadsheets. So

Unknown Speaker  31:46  
for example, if you look at the one to 2pm

Speaker 1  31:51  
although the service capacity is just three people, six people are coming to the hospital. Yeah, and it's not a shock, right? They're actually scheduled, yeah, but people are not coming on the scales beyond schedule. You're right. You're right. I guess that's another complication that we're I like this, right? So that's another complication I'm not catching, right? That could be a further complication, like, if I instead of sort of saying, oh, you know, landless eight patients an hour and four patients an hour, whatever, if I were careful to look at this, there's further variability over there that might screw things up. And I'm kind of like just brushing up, right? But you're absolutely right that could be another sort of thing, another complication that adds kind of more color to this. I agree Brandon, it's

Speaker 5  32:35  
discussable in the case of, I'm sure the nurses are happy the third way. And okay,

Speaker 1  32:47  
so I'm actually really excited to get to this sort of discussion, so let's get the caps out of the way really quickly, and then like, like, like, repigate ourselves to this discussion. Okay, so I think we're all on the same page with kind of what's going on over here, right? Like, we're sort of level set with this. Let me quickly again. I know all of you did this, but we said, look, this RN stage is going to be sort of a bottleneck, right? That's going to contribute, like, a big chunk of delay, right? My sort of thought over here, and by the way, here, this is a good thing to do, right? Like, if you're kind of analyzing the system, and you want to fix problems with the system, one way, one one way you'd like to do this is to say, I have this other mini simulation of the system where I can test different counterfactual strategies, right? Like if I change something here, this is what's going to happen. And therefore, you know that might work in the rail system. Okay? So this is something that's typically very useful, and it doesn't mean you even have, you have to build, you know, a simulation itself. This could literally be paper and pencil, if you like, right? And so, um, what I'm going to do is, I'm going to see if, by doing just the basic sort of thing, right, just worrying about the RN, right, whether, how much of the delay we see in real life is explained by just looking at what happens with the RN Okay, that's kind of my game plan, right? So I want to say, Okay, if I just worried about that RN bottleneck that you guys pointed out, right, how much of the delay that patients see in the system is explained by the RN bottleneck in an office, right? And then, if maybe we tack on some of the unpredictable variability. How much more difference? Okay, so let's kind of do that really quickly, and I'm going to follow the same, you know, strategy that, you know, that Cameron recommended earlier, which is kind of just look at a bill, right? So if I sort of think about this RN station, you know, I'm using my simple model, not cause this thing of like looking at, you know, minute by minute arrivals. If you did minute by minute, you could do that too and do a sort of a digital build up diagram for something like that, if you like. I'm just gonna be lazy, right? And do this very simple thing, okay? But anyways, patients come in at seven, right? And what we know is that, you know, between seven and noon, right? Patients are scheduled to come in at eight patients an hour, and I can kind of serve them at seven patients an hour, so that build up is one patient an hour, right? I'm doing this over five hours. So over these five hours, I'm going to kind of add in five patients over here, right? Everybody go with this, right? So the RN bottleneck contributes five people waiting in the system behind that RN station somewhere. Okay, by noon, right? What happens between noon and 2pm what changes? Yeah, Alexis.

Unknown Speaker  35:40  
And what is lambda. Lambda is four, and mu is in my setup, 2.8 okay, you can have different numbers. It is in my setup, I had 2.8 Okay,

Speaker 1  35:57  
that's 1.2 patients now, so the build ups a little bit faster actually, right? And we're going to do this over two hours. So for two hours, we're going to add in, you know, two times 1.2 that's 2.4 patients, right? And so now I've got five plus 2.4 I got about seven and a half patients waiting the system. Okay, what's next? Go ahead. So between two to three,

Unknown Speaker  36:26  
we have again, eight patients coming in

Unknown Speaker  36:31  
and the new side. So back to one, and let me stick with you. Cheryl, what happens after this?

Speaker 7  36:43  
After that they're not taking patients, and if you go by the hourly rate, then it'll come down, yep.

Speaker 1  36:51  
So it goes down at like, eight patients an hour, seven patients, seven patients an hour, right? And about 8.4 patients. So that's going to take one, 1.2 1.2 hours. So that'll take about 1.2 hours, right? So, 410, right? A little bit after 14. Okay, that's the picture, right? So if I looked at like basically, as a result of like this bottleneck and predictable variability, you know, what does you know? What does the number of people waiting in the system look like? Look something like this, right? And so given this, what can you do? You can calculate, sort of, the average number of people waiting in the system, you know, the throughput lambda. So you can apply little slot, and you can say, Oh, this is kind of the average weight, right? So let's do exactly that. I'm not going to work it out slowly, right? I just kind of cleaned this up over here. I did this before class, right? So you know, the area under the curve is 37.84 patient hours. If you did my calculation, you might get different areas. That's absolutely fine, but one of the units, sorry, you have a question over there, hand

Unknown Speaker  38:14  
signals, pretty

Speaker 1  38:21  
amazing. You guys can communicate, like, science, pretty incredible. Again, I want to get through this, but now the exact numbers don't matter, right? Like, as long as you get the theme right, that that's all I care about. Okay, so what's the area of the curve? It's 37.84 and remember, it's patient hours, right? It's hours on the x axis, patients on the Y axis. Okay. And then what I did is I kind of calculated an average queue length, right? I decided I'd look at the system over a span of 10 hours, because right? Like if I start at 7am and I go to five, right, the system starts empty. It's ended up empty at 5pm so I'm going to kind of look at it over that interval. Okay, so 37.84 divided by 10. The average between seven and five is right about four patients. Okay, waiting 3.784 patients. We know the throughput. There's 56 patient schedule, right? That's the eight over five hours, the four over two hours, and then eight over one hour, right? So that's, that's, that's exactly 56 patients over 10 hours. So my lambda is 56 5.6 patients per hour, and then I do this kind of littles law business, right? We know weight is L divided by lambda, so that's 3.78 before divided by 5.6 that's about 40 minutes. Okay, so this thing contributes 40 minutes. Shira, I think I saw you put your hand

Speaker 2  39:49  
up early, because we did the short positions for half an hour. So we're trying to translate the

Speaker 1  39:58  
numbers. Yeah, translate numbers in real time. So what I want you to take away from this all that absolutely right? But what you take away from this is one bottleneck at the RM, two, that results in a buildup, and three, we can translate that build up into a drill. Those are the three steps. Then there's details of that calculation. There's many ways of doing it based on the assumption, okay, but this is kind of my setup, and this is what I got. What is it divided by 10? Great question. Nine. Great question. Great question. So at some level, actually, what we divided by doesn't even matter, right? Imagine that you divided this by 24 right? It's not really going to matter, so it's more of like a conceptual thing, right? The important thing to take away over here, so I want to repeat Manuel question. It's a really good question, right? So Manuel is asking, Why did you divide by 10? Right? Why not divide by nine or something else, right? So the first thing I want you to notice is that, you know, if I divided, look at that lambda calculation, right? Number of patients divide by time, damage, que length, number of patients divide by time. I'm using that same amount in both places, right? So when I use Canada or 24 there or nine, it really wouldn't matter, right? That would cancel out. Everybody see this? Yeah, okay, so what's really going on, right? So, what's really going on? What's really going on over here, we're asking ourselves the following questions. Okay, one limit the system over an interval of time, where, over that interval of time, right? The system starts out empty and it ends up, okay, that's that's kind of how we want to look at this. As long as the interval of time looks like that, you go, right. And so if I think about this, if I start at 7am I started empty, and then I empty out some play set, like, whatever, right, a little active force, right? So that's like looking at, like, what happened over the course of the day, right? The system replays again after a day, right? So in effect, what you have to do is identify that. That's kind of the core thing to look at, right? But at some level, really, there's not one of these triangles, right? Like, there's actually many of these triangles. If you look at this day after day after day, right? There'll be one triangle for Monday, another triangle for Tuesday, another triangle for Wednesday, and so on and so forth, right? And the key thing is to recognize that, hey, this thing repeats day after day after day. Once you figure out that this is when it repeats, this case, every day, that's your sort of unit of calculation, right? And so that's, that's, that's all it is. Does that make sense? Right? Perfect, good. Other Other questions, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  43:02  
One time, into Sure 100%

Speaker 1  43:19  
do more sophisticated calculations here, dumb question, absolutely right? The point over here that I'm trying to make, though, is that the dynamic driven by something very simple, like the first order dynamics over here, if I wash away all of this stuff, right? Like, yeah, you can worry about, like, oh my god, there's, like, this five minute thing there, and the two minute thing there, and so on and so forth, right? What if one of you is sort of say this is we should first do it on, like the biggest problem, isolate what that big problem does, and then this whole

Speaker 3  43:57  
piece of discussion. Let's say the peak is eight patients. That's it. Yeah, I just remember, and at the fourth year, it's like only one patient remaining, because from eight, and then you go to one, because seven patients per hour, but then one patient cannot receive, like five minutes, only one nurse can see, sure, so that will take four

Speaker 1  44:18  
yeah, there's all kinds of things that you're absolutely right, right? So when you treat work as a fluid, right, I'm losing the integrality of patients and nurses, right? So you're absolutely right. It's another source of kind of approximation error if I do things this way. Okay, so it's far from the most accurate way of doing right? You could build a simulation if you if you really wanted to do it. Well, my claim is this is going to get us, like, the first order effect. Okay, shut up.

Speaker 3  44:45  
Yeah, that's the number of patients. So 56 patients. So on this case, in average is a 55 so should we use a 56 instead of a 55

Speaker 1  44:58  
so honestly, again, like, I'll say this now, I won't say this one more, right? I don't want to discuss discrepancies, and like, compute computations. This is not about that. This is described. It's not DMV. We're not like. The answer is 4.17 right? I mean, that's irrelevant. That's honestly, like, irrelevant, right? What is what is relevant, though, what is relevant is the following, right? It's identifying that this is the problem, right? And identifying that like, hey, the way this is the problem, is this right? There's a build up and so forth. The answer you get is 40 minutes or 47 minutes, right? And you see, why, right? Because what is the bigger issue? The bigger issue is, how are we going to fix this damn thing, right? So quibbling about like, is it 40 minutes of 40? Not gonna matter. Okay, so let's move on, right? This is kind of what we can reconstruct, okay, if we just did this very simple approximation, right? And yes, to all of your points, you could do much more fancy things. And that's great, okay, that's awesome, right? That's actually really, really great. But I'm lazy, and this is like a very simple right? If I do this very simple thing, my simple model, in my very simple model, I'm saying the vital station contributes no delay, right? And I'm saying that the RN station contributes 40 minutes, plus, why have I added that five minutes over there? What is that five minutes correspondence? Right? If we sort of think about how patients experience this process, the patient is not sitting with the RN when the RN does her chart review at the top of it, right? So when the RN does the chart review at the top, that five minutes is experienced as weight by the patient. It's not process time, okay? And same story with the MD, right? That 10 minutes is experienced as Wait, not process time, okay? And so, right? Like so, if we look at that wait time, right? The wait is 40 minutes, plus five for the VRM, for the MD, it's the 10 minutes. And then on the right hand side, you have all the activity, right? So you add all this together, and this contributes to a weight of about 2.2 hours, right, which is a little bit shy of what the patients report in the case, right? The patients in the case report a slightly higher weight. It's two and a half before with the you know, right? So we're basically saying the total visit length over here is 2.2 this case, I think reports two and a half or something like that. So where is that coming from? Okay? Where is it coming from? What are we missing to our first order, right? Why is it that the patients report something higher than what we actually have over here?

Speaker 4  47:40  
Yeah, because of the different delays, and

Speaker 1  47:45  
why are there delays in the other stations where the utilizations are less than one, because at some

Speaker 3  47:50  
point the rooms could be utilized so they could make many

Speaker 1  47:54  
rooms that could be one thing. We'll get to talk about the rooms carefully in a second. Go ahead. Yeah,

Speaker 1  48:10  
it sure so that could be a there could be patients that experience much higher demand. Absolutely, right. This is the average delay for the patients, not the peak. But I'm

Speaker 1  48:31  
asking you're not answering my question, so I'd like an answer to my question, which is, I don't care about what you just said. I do eventually care about it, but for now, I care about, like, what we're talking about. This is the average delay these guys experiences. Experience, right? And this average delay is low. It's lower than than what was reported as a case. So my question is, why is the average delay low? I agree that peak delay will be higher, right? But my question is, why is average delay low? So what do you think about that? You actually know this, you answered a

Speaker 6  49:14  
certain issue,

Speaker 1  49:22  
but however, the thoughts, yeah, unpredictable variability, right? This is deterministic, and there's all these little squiggles all over the place, right? So what if we actually accounted for the delays that these squiggles actually bring into place, right? Look at that, right? What's that going to be? That's your book. This thing didn't, didn't print the formula for somebody. That's not the formula we can kind of draw. What's missing. It's one. So this is Alan, so the way, yeah,

Speaker 1  50:13  
anyways, so we could, we could do this right. And I wouldn't wish this on any of you, but you could do it. I did it, right? So I went and I calculated all the things needed for this formula at each of the different stages, right? And I said, Well, what are the extra delays that I wasn't accounting for? So here's the extra delays. There's an 8.6 minutes over here at the MD, okay, and there's 6.1 minutes at vitals and EKG. And so you're asking earlier, do those other stages contribute to do right? So there's about nine minutes, 8.6 minutes at the DMD, 6.1 minutes, vitals in EKG. If I add all that together, I'm at a total visit length of two and a half ops. This is exactly the average visit length that was reported in case, okay, for patients over the course of the day. Now to real spot, I think real raise a very good point. Okay, this, there's another dimension in which this analysis is perhaps not complete, right, so we're discussing average delay over here, right? Does that capture the whole story? Right? Like everything we've discussed, the sweet Angie has been about average, right? You know, does that actually capture everything? Like, what is the complaints in the case refer to? Right? Does anybody experience the average feeling real fine, if you go ahead four, almost.

Unknown Speaker  51:40  
Because the loudest

Speaker 1  51:43  
complaints are the people that experience the worst, right? So, whereas, actually, you know, the average is two and a half, which is already really bad, right? There's some people that are around four or five ops, which sounds like awful, right? And so, you know, another refinement to this analysis would be to say, hey, the average delay captures what like people experience on average. But if we care about brand and care about complaints and so on and so forth, these outliers are going to drive for potentially very loud complaints, and we have to worry about that as well, right? And that too. We've not really necessarily covered over there, but by the way, if you wanted to actually look at this, you can analyze, okay, like, if you wanted to, you wanted to figure out what average delay looks like. It turns out that you can analyze it even with build up type, which, if I'm not, I'm not, I'm not necessarily talking about core issues of whether it's the maximum delay or the average delay the full appreciate, right? This is not, this is really not acceptable. Okay, question about the calculation, but now I want to talk about fixing this

Unknown Speaker  52:52  
question about, like, what, what value brings in the average perspective and really care about the customers here inflation.

Speaker 1  53:05  
So what? Well, over here, it's telling you that they wait for a long time, for a long Okay, right? This is it. This is already bad. You

Unknown Speaker  53:13  
don't have,

Speaker 8  53:14  
like, the visibility and the range of the variability. I

Speaker 1  53:19  
think that's a false choice. So I think the way I sort of think about this is, right, when you're building models, and this is a bit of an option, okay, yes, so when we're sort of building models of systems, right, you have to ask yourself, like, how many details do I need to capture? At some level, you can say, the more the better, right? The problem is, as you capture more and more and more details, the cost of kind of doing this increases, becomes more and more complex to do, right? And also, I find that when you actually do this, it tends to, kind of, you tend to lose what the big picture takes time, okay, so what I find is at this level of sort of strategic thinking over here, right? I'm happy with stick sticking with sort of something like the average delay, right? But recognizing that you can go talk to like a smart engineer or something like that, and say, Listen, I know there's delay here. I can do this back of the envelope thing, and I know this exists, right? But there's all these other things which you probably need to think about as well. Go tell me what those things are, right? And then it's simply a matter of building a simulation of this or something like that. It's not necessarily, you know, intellectually challenging exercise, right? And so that's kind of how I think about it. Where you want to be is what a simple back of the envelope means we can actually calculate, right? That's, that's kind of my my thinking, which is not to say no one to do the fancy stuff you do. That's not my difference. It's a waste of your

Unknown Speaker  54:38  
time. Process, like the type of process that I'm optimizing, whatever they are, you optimizing?

Speaker 1  54:42  
Yeah, okay, so here's what I like to do. Here's what I want to do. There were some quick suggestions that you were asked to look at in the case, I want to quickly review those. And then I want to actually talk about how we like genuinely fix this, right? Because, again, just coming back. It looks like we're going to circle back to that same answer, right? The problem is with the RNs and the MS is very clear, right? So we're going to circle back to that same thing. Let's, let's, let's circle that back to that quickly. Okay, so there are a few recommendations. Here was one. One was like, Hey, why do we schedule so many patients? Schedule the patient, slow, right? This was one suggestion, right? Why don't we spread out Patient Arrivals? And so there's many ways of spreading out Patient Arrivals. You can schedule them differently, right? Here's one way of scheduling them, right. Let's say, you know, between seven and noon, I schedule seven patients an hour. Then between, you know, 12 and two, I keep it at four patients an hour, and then between two and four, I do seven patients an hour. So the key change over here is that now patients are scheduled all the way up to 4pm Okay, so I'm scheduling patients all the way up to 4pm over here, right? What's going to change if I did this conceptually, right? Derek, your like, your lambda will go down. So the number of patients are and lambda seven now, right? Yeah. So when do we have a bottleneck? I'll be operating 100% but I won't have that predictable build up. That's probably going to help a ton, right? I'll still have a bottleneck during lunch, right? Because, you know, it's four and four bigger than the 2.8 or whatever, it is, right? So this one decrease weights for patients dramatically, right? Everybody agree? Yeah. So on the one hand, the patients are better off if we did this, right? Who does it suck for? Right? So this doesn't actually solve the problem, right? And you can't actually make the staff just do this? So that's that's another question. Why would they do this? Why haven't they done this? Right? Yeah, exactly. That's why they Right. Like these folks have have shifts, right? They have, like, eight or 10 hour shifts. So you can't actually, like, expect them to officially stay there beyond their shift, right? So it's like, in reality, this was going to happen, right? And that's, that's a further, that's a further mess, actually, right? So everybody see this, right? So this is good for the patients, but generally, solve the problem, right? The problem is, yeah, this is the rate at which you can do right? We can't. We can't do it any faster with the current system. Okay, I have rooms listed earlier, right? Are rooms a problem? Yeah, why not? Because I

Speaker 8  57:34  
think during the whole process requiring the room it.

Speaker 1  57:51  
How would we? How do you want to think about this, though, like, how would you so, by the way, when these folks actually from MIT, actually got here, the thesis at the clinic was that rooms were the problem. Okay, the this at the clinic were that rooms were the problem, that these are, this is the core issue. Okay? In fact, I'll show you something really funny. I went to chat CBT and like, I played around with both three and asked, Oh, three, yeah, I'm gonna give you the raw data for the case. I'm gonna give you the case itself. I'm not going to give you the picture of the process, right? You can get the picture of the process from the case that right. Like, because right? Like, you can read the case and figure out the process, right? So what do you think the issue is? So it gives me, like, it did some really nice, detailed analysis. It even wrote some code, I think, under the hood. And here's, here's his conclusion, right? Total garbage, right? And actually, so it concluded that the main bottleneck was the root, right? And why did it conclude this? It concluded this because it said, when I run this simulation, I often find that people are waiting for rooms, right? Therefore moves in the bottom. You guys see what I'm saying, and it's the same thing happening in the clinic. So I found this crazy. I found this very, very interesting, right? That you just looked at the raw data at some level, right? Chat, GPT, kind of concluded, and not just chatty. PT, all three concluded the same thing that the people in the clinic did, that we have a problem with the rooms, because what they witnessed as they were running this system was that people were waiting for rooms, right? There wasn't a room available particularly, but it's not the bottom right. You guys recognize. It's not the bottom and one way of seeing this is to kind of, perhaps understand, what are the rooms for, right? Like, what are these rooms for in the first place, right there? Therefore, like, what are the activities we do in the room? Absolutely, right? So the thing is, the R and MD have to see the patient in a room, and maybe also they do that charting in the room. Okay, let's say it's those two things, right? So basically, if I think about room activity, okay, if I think about, let me write it here, because I've got this cleaned up. So if I think about room activity, okay, what is it? Okay, it's 27 minutes for the RN, plus the five minutes on the chart, or whatever it is, plus 37 minutes for the MD, right? Plus 10 minutes for the N chart. Okay, so that's RN, this is m and that's what that's 79 minutes, right? Or about what is that, 1.33 hours, or something like that, right? So, that's, that's, that's, that's what the room gets. That's the need for the room, right? Essentially, a room can, what do I think about this is, a room can process a patient in 1.33 hours, right? On the other hand, what's our, you know, what's our, what's our demand, right? What's our, what's our, you know, what's our, and how many rooms do we have, right? We have 12 of these rules, right? So if this, if this thing takes 1.3 hours to process a single patient, this is like our s, right? So what's the mu? The mu is like one over s, right? So that's one divided by 1.33 that's about point seven, six patients per hour, right? And how many rooms do we have? We have 12 rooms, right? So you know, 12 times mu is 12 times point seven, six, that's 9.1 patients per hour, right? So we look at rooms. Hey, if we just looked at rooms and we looked at using rooms, what the rooms are meant for, right? These rooms should be able to process 9.1 patients now, way more than the eight patients, right? And let me just clean that up over there, right? That's the same thing kind of cleaned up over there, right? So rooms are not a bottleneck. Yes, these people experience what they experienced, right? And chatgpt experienced what didn't experience. Why is that happening? How could that be happening? Is my question clear, right? So what I'm saying is that the people running in the clinic, the people running the clinic, experienced, time and time again that they had a patient and there was a room to that patient too, right? So he concluded that we don't have enough rooms, and we had enough rooms, we'd be fine, right? And the rooms are needed for the patient to see the, you know, the nurse, or whatever it is, angle, you never room, right? So what's, what's the gap of it? How could it be that we're saying that. You know, groups should be able to process 9.1 patients an hour, but we don't have groups. How could these two things happen simultaneously? Kind of

Speaker 1  1:03:02  
it makes sense, though, right? Like that's time to get to how would that matter to any of those analysis, it's not like they're looking at the distance and saying it's not available, right? This is not available. Why would it not be available when it can churn out 9.1 patients an hour, something

Unknown Speaker  1:03:30  
on this side. Yeah. Michael, space, so it's an activity,

Speaker 1  1:03:40  
yeah, why are rooms not available? There's something happening in these rooms that should not be happening. Just think about it, right? Like over here we're saying, right? The room should take be used for patients for 80 minutes. If that were the case, this should not happen, right? So it has to be that rooms are being used for patients for longer than 80 minutes. Why would they be used for patients for longer than 80 minutes? That's my question, right? What could be happening in the rooms, right, that they use for patients for longer than Why would something like that happen? The face thing patient with the nurses. But that's this, exactly right. These rooms have become glorified waiting rooms. They're not supposed to be waiting. They're designed for work, and they're expensive because they have all this equipment, right? But they basically become waiting rooms because there's patients waiting there, waiting for, like, further steps, right? So it's not really the room that's causing the issue, right? It's winning of patients ahead of you in rooms where they should not be waiting, right? Everybody sees, okay, great, great. All right, there was one other thing which was sort of obvious, should we add more physicians? Of course not. You said that at the very start. So here's what I want you guys to think about. Okay, so, so I think we're, like, very deep in the case now, right? Like, I think we're all level set. We all understand everything going on. We all have strong opinions, right? So two questions for you, right? So collect your thoughts over two minutes, and then we'll discuss out, right? So one, what would you want to do to fix paid up, right? And, of course, as we said at the very start, like if your answer is higher. Another, RN, we will talk about that, but that's a non start. Okay, the second question, which maybe I'm actually surprised none of you asked us, right? But maybe you were thinking, nd, polite, yeah, if you're the CEO of mgh, why don't you even care about this? Why do we? Why do you care about this? Okay, so try a few minutes in your groups, right? Just level set on this. Okay, and then we'll come out and discuss. Okay, I'm sorry. What's the easy question? Why should we care? Oh, okay, sure, you want to do I see we've got it anyways. Spend two minutes think about this, And then let's come

Unknown Speaker  1:06:29  
up you. You Got Thank

Speaker 9  1:07:13  
you. Which element do you like the most in teaching? I'm sorry, which element do you like the most in teaching? I mean, you're excited every day. So I'm just curious, why do you like teaching so much?

Speaker 1  1:08:06  
Because I like seeing people learn. Okay, I think that's a very powerful thing. We have a lot of impact on each Other. You get to Scale

Unknown Speaker  1:08:21  
yourself. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  1:10:00  
up. Do you want to talk about the second I want to talk about the second question. First. Okay, I want to talk about the second Question, I know you want to answer something.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:32  
Actually,

Speaker 1  1:10:40  
I want to actually ask a basic question potemski asked me at the start of class, which is, should I even care about this problem? Which he didn't ask so I want to ask you, should I even care about this problem? Let me get some potato in the back.

Speaker 2  1:11:02  
He you're getting referrals into the hospital, if people complain enough, basically to the doctors, they may not be able, they may not

Unknown Speaker  1:11:11  
just want to go for their

Speaker 1  1:11:13  
preliminary chance. So So I guess let me push back, right? So first of all, these people are running a business to make money. To make money, to make money, let me present you with flip with a card, or maybe why I don't give a pen. So there were lots of complaints and so on. Like, Oh, you know, my nine year old mother is back waiting. That sounds horrible, right? But I could be like a total asshole about this and say, Okay, the reason I couldn't potentially afford to be an asshole is that this is mgh, right? It's the best, you know, it's, by the way, what is mgas known for? They're not known for amazing customer service without running a hotel, right? They're known for like, basically, like, solving health problems, right? We have the world's best experts at solving health problems, right? And that's that, right? That's that kind of core business, right? It's like, basically, if you want to get your surgery done, whatever it is, if I look at it from that perspective, I've been looking at this and say, okay, great, you got a bad experience. I'm sorry. And then move on. So what? What you know? What do you say to that surgery? Right? We're not talking

Speaker 2  1:12:40  
about it. Surgery, right? We're not talking

Speaker 1  1:12:46  
about specialized care. There's all of our reasons, right? Because, basically, if I sort of think about the fears, like

Speaker 1  1:13:00  
a cost center, that's the law, right? Like this is a process you kind of have to do. Like, you have to go through all this before you can get anesthesia. They have to do it like, right? Like this is like they don't get, let's answer that question, actually, right? Why does Peter exist? Why do you have to go through these steps? Right? If you go through these steps, because you can't be put on the anesthesia. Are the doctors in order? Yeah, why you have to do this pre anesthesia? I mean, at least they have thinking of what might go wrong and from a legal perspective, so that your doctors are not sued, right? Like, being put on anesthesia is a pretty serious thing. There's a whole bunch of things you could be the case where, like, you know, with blood and this, and then, like, all sorts of things, you can't be put under anesthesia without those things. We checked without checking, right? So that's where it's done. So that's, that's a very strong case, right? Like, just think about the case we're saying, hey, it's a cost center. This is just something we have to, like, like, check a box effectively, right? And we gotta, gotta do it right. And it's not just check a box. Like, like, there could be serious things that come up over here where you say, No, you can't do under anesthesia, right? And a doctor will not entertain the surgery if this process has not been done, right? But from the CEO's perspective, my point like, look, this is like some checking the box thing. It could cost me money, and again, by the way, what are margins? Margins are like raises, right? So I submit that. Like, yes, it sounds awful, but maybe I shouldn't care. I want you to push back, right?

Speaker 2  1:14:43  
Right Carlos, I would still argue that despite it close to generate revenue, it's pretty complicated for that brands, if something wants to go wrong, oh, but they're very careful with doing

Speaker 1  1:14:55  
it. Let's just do it. It's not like they do a slip shot job with doing this work, they need to ensure, no matter what we're focused on over here, rubber stuff, McDonald's, right, that's on the burger. And so the point is, like, not like, Oh, I got my Peter visit done in like, 30 minutes. Like, so, yeah, somebody complaints that it took five hours. My point is, like, maybe I shouldn't care about that. Joe,

Speaker 2  1:15:28  
yeah, even if you don't care about the patient, which should be a primary concern if you're a hospital. CEO, there are cost overruns. Er, there's

Unknown Speaker  1:15:41  
just more costs

Speaker 1  1:15:44  
related to inefficiency. Again, those are very much problems, right? People going to be on this attack, but that's not cost like this, right? This, like this, doesn't impact that workflow, right? That workflow is impacted by basically people with chronic illnesses and this and that that are not seen in the correct way. This is like the surgery.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:11  
It's a completely

Speaker 1  1:16:13  
different sort of workflow. No, these are just coming in for a chat, you know, make sure that this is Okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:16:41  
I'm not arguing with any of that. Yeah, I'm actually arguing with the basic premise that we ought to care about the wait time. What I'm saying is they are so desperate to come here, they'll wait right? Remember, at the start of the first week, we said, like, no, no, if, if we take long, they won't come, right? I'm saying that's not the case at MGH, argue, right? This is, like, a, you know, it's a premier place, right? You'd rather be seen at MGH and like, like, imagine it's your parent, okay? You'd rather your parent, or you'll sleep with your parent and get them snacks and whatever, right? I'd rather they be they go to MGA, spend like, nine hours waiting for all I care, as opposed to going to, like, you know, some random Community Hospital where, you know they're not going to get the same level of care, right? Like, and, you know, I'm speaking from a place of privilege, maybe, right? But you want that for your parents. So my point is, like you are making a decision for your parents. You're not going to make a decision based on wait time, right? Hopefully you agree with me on this. I certainly would, right. So that's kind of where my question comes to just like, Why do I even give a damn? I want a new hand. Christina, go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:18:02  
Well, okay, good. How does the hospital make money? That's how the hospital makes money, right? That's like the cash flow, right? Okay, so now we ask ourselves, what is sort of the bottlenecks with respect to doing surgeries, right? This is the thing that makes me money, right? So what are the bottlenecks with respect to doing surgery? Well, fundamentally, it boils down to limited space. Okay, so if you're a surgeon, okay, there's this notion of like, a box schedule, okay? And you got you got time? Okay, let's say like, Okay. From, you know, Tuesday morning, from 6am to 11am you have this or, and the or, by the way, comes with all its attendant resources, right? So that'd be like an ICU nurse or whatever, whatever, whatever, right, like, so it comes with all of that, right? That's kind of like precious, right? So, so if you are the surgeon, right, you have that block schedule. That's really precious. Okay, so now let's imagine Shota shows up in the morning, right? 5:30am gets scrubbed, he gets ready to go in there, and you know, he's looking at the notes for his first patient, and that first patient hasn't been through paid, right? So what does Shota do? Shota could do one of two things, okay, one. Shota could order some tests. Okay, he could rush some tests and do some quick tests, two quick checks, right? That would have have to have happened at data, okay, that have not happened, right? He does all that. Hopefully you get that feedback right, and you do the surgery, the surgery is going to be delayed, right? And that precious resource of that block schedule has now been used for something completely wasteful. Okay, that could be your worst things that happened. Would you just cancel the surgeon? Right? So you could have done that right? Okay, let's say that happens right. If that happens right, what happens to the capacity of this hospital as a whole due to surgeons? It goes down, right, okay? And remember, that's kind of our precious resource, okay, this is how we're making money, right? Okay, now, okay, put yourself in the shoes of the patient, right, who I was talking about earlier, right? What is that patient going to see? That patient is going to see? Hey, look, here's a surgery I need to get done, right? And your cardiologist tells you, yes, you could do this at MGH, but it's going to take two and a half weeks to get you scheduled at MGH. Alternatively, you could go to this other place, and you know you could do this in two days, and now you know you could be in the spot where you're like, hey, wait a second, I kind of really need to do the surgery right. And what's your cardiologist going to say? Cardiologists, take your time, right? Your cardiologist may say, you probably need to get this done right. And now, as a result, a patient, a customer, however you want to think about it, that should have come to me, goes somewhere else. Everybody see this, right? So that's kind of why I care. And the question becomes, is this a real thing? The short of it is, it's very much a real thing. Okay, so here are some stats, okay, from from a hospital system in Northern California called Dignity Health, okay? And basically what Dignity Health has calculated is essentially, so they call this leakage, okay? So this is called leakage in this business, right? And typically have calculated that they basically use close to about a million dollars, or not million, I guess, 800k okay, on revenue per physician in their system, right? That's what they're losing right now. It's not all because, you know, they got, they got referred out for, you know, for timeliness. But that's like the number one cause. It's like, literally, the number one cause. So as the CEO, one perspective could be, you know, the perspective I took earlier, right? Where saying, I don't care, this is NBA, heartless, whatever, right? But actually, that would be silly, right? Like, if you do care about making money, this is kind of what you do. Okay, we could kind of discuss this at length, like, let's talk about a little bit later, right? But what would you do to fix this? Right? You guys had lots of different ideas later. Thank you. So the first reason we would do is implement a

Unknown Speaker  1:22:22  
pre visit screening. Paperwork in the medical history events, and then that way the

Speaker 1  1:22:31  
top five for the doctors. Okay, so, okay, do some free work priority. Okay, good. Reduce the time the doctors. Other ideas, I want to take some rapid fire

Speaker 5  1:22:41  
ideas from Alexis. Yeah, I will try to reduce Jack write up with maybe some software.

Speaker 1  1:22:48  
Great. Introduce some software in the process appointment times, so you have patients

Unknown Speaker  1:22:56  
who come later or early, and they'll immediately

Speaker 1  1:23:00  
take the patient good so put in a process where you call them, ask them, you know, whatever they can help getting there, whatever that might actually be the better thing to do, yeah, show them why have the nurse and the doctor who they separate. Maybe they use it together. Julie,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:19  
standardization and

Speaker 1  1:23:21  
automaticization of the process they can feel optimization of the process. Okay, I think we could keep going, right. But my guess is the ideas are all going to be ideas where you say, look the way of doing this pretty shitty, and I can see 900 ways you could optimize this. Here are the 900 ways to optimize right. Then you could go and you could present it to these guys. We say, here are the 900 ways you can optimize this. That's what these MIT people did. Guess what the responses?

Unknown Speaker  1:23:49  
No,

Speaker 1  1:23:56  
yeah, right. Like, it's more like, like, listen like, I'm the expert here. What the hell are you telling me? Right? To some extent, there's truth to this, right? Yeah, experts, we're not like putting a car together, right? We're not like making a burger, right? So this is a very complicated process. So like, like coming out from the outside and telling you how to do your job, very difficult, and more often than not, if people aren't going to listen to you, right? It's the same story with looking at, like, a sales process, right? Like, if you look at people on the phone that are really going to you can't, like, some are very good at following process, very hard to enforce process. So great, right? Like, what kind of stuff, what kind of stuff you could come up with, lots of different ideas. Here's a bunch of ideas I sort of noted down, right? I'm sure some of your ideas were clear, but kind of stuck. So this could have just ended here, right? Which is that you look at all this and you know exactly what's wrong, and we knew exactly what was wrong at 835 right? And you fixed all these ideas, but nobody wanted to listen. So this whole thing, so this, we could all stop there, except that was sort of known, an MBA student involved in this, not a really great idea if I thought this is like t right? And so what she said, you'll see in a second, like one more. So what she said is, let's do this, like time study. Okay, we'll do a completely anonymized time study. How long do RNs take? How long do MDS take? Okay, to do that task, right? And so here are the results of the study, right? So let me tell you what we're showing you right, and just focus on the right hand side. The left is the same, right. So these are, like anonymous IDs for MDS. Their names are not here, right? And what we're showing on this axis, on each axis, okay, is a box and Whisper, whisper plot. So it's basically 25th to 75th percentile on that dark part of how long they did. Okay, who's, let me ask you a quick question. Who's the best? MD, okay, who's the worst candidate? Okay, let's, let's imagine I'm three. Okay, so you come to me, you say, Hey, man, what are you doing here? Okay, what do you think I'm gonna say to you? Not quite, but I could actually come up with a better argument, right? If you come, if I'm number three, and you come to me, I'm gonna say, Guess what? I really care about my pieces, and I take the time all these other guys are clowns, right? I could say that. Okay, so I can't really say three is the best or worse, and 40 is the best, right? In fact, 40 is actually the head of the clinic. But what can you say? What can you say? What is wrong with this picture? There is something wrong with this picture, right? What is wrong with this like, Wait, if you show it to the clinic, this is, like, inarguably bad, right? So there's no limit, there's no standardized they're all different. They saw the same patients, but everyone did something else, right? That can't be right, right? Like, if number three is saying that's the right way of doing things, then everybody should look like, Okay. And so following this, okay? And this is like the postscript, okay, following this, right? The conclusion was shit, right? Like you don't have a process. So let's do this. So for a while, they match experienced RMS with inexperienced MDS and experienced MDS with inexperienced RMS shadowing each other, essentially to kind of standardize process. This actually helped quite a bit. But actually, if you look at where data is today, does not actually exist, okay, these guys actually discovered that they could move 99% of their work to just online communication, right? You really only needed to see two or three patients. And they basically discovered this on their own, right? So the big learning over here, right is that if you're dealing with these complex processes, you can't really expect to kind of go in there and fix all that stuff yourself, right? That's actually really, really hard. Okay, there are some hospital systems I asked you to read about Intermountain Healthcare, right? There's some hospital systems that that have embraced this, like, very early on. It's an intermounta in the early 90s, okay, embrace the system where they said, listen, we're not going to push processes on people, right? But we need to equip people with a way to learn from each other, which is actually exactly what happened over here, right? And that's weak like massive dividends for they're cheaper and pretty much better on every metric that you look at, and they do have to help you for the state of Utah, okay? It's like a shining beam, right? The rest of us, right? As we now look at this, we're not in a mountain. We can't take, I don't know, 1520, years to do this, right? How do we speed this up? But the start, I don't know what the answer, right? But the start of the class, you know, somebody's talking about generative AI. Opportunities for generative AI. These are the sorts of areas, right, where generative AI could be useful. And so, for instance, to that point, right, here's this company, a bridge, which is a super fast growing unicorn, right? What is a bridge doing? A bridge is basically in the business of doing what inner mountain did. Okay? They're recording everything that you do as a physician, they're making it shareable and learn, right? And they're growing like gangbusters. Because why? Right? People find that that same picture that you saw in the MD, RN example, right? I can accelerate all that learning using some of these tools, right? So that's not what I want to talk about today. I've gone like so much over time. I'm really sorry for this, but thank

Speaker 10  1:29:58  
you for trouble with registering math. Yeah, do they send today?

Angie.H Moon  1:30:03  
Yeah, I think by the end of this week, we are trying to collect all the issues and work on this. There are at least 20 to 30 cases. Thanks for letting me know. Yeah,

Speaker 9  1:30:17  
I sent an email yesterday. Okay, thanks to your memory. Yeah, yesterday,

Speaker 9  1:30:28  
oh yesterday, yesterday, I was here, but I forgot to do I think It's okay. We have a lot of classes. Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  1:31:24  
you make? Oh, for the first case study, yeah, I think it's that. Do you have any questions?

Unknown Speaker  1:31:41  
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:43  
we didn't do that.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:46  
I see were you in the recitation,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:49  
following what the resolution

Unknown Speaker  1:31:51  
did not.

Speaker 9  1:31:52  
Oh, yeah, I think that okay. Adam will be the one who's screening.

Speaker 4  1:31:59  
I don't know what's going on. Yeah, I emailed one of the advisors. I don't know. I don't know if there's anything you could do, but by the way, I had been here every day.

Speaker 9  1:32:11  
By the way, do you have a flag card like your name? Rashad, yes, a little hard to see. But is that relevant? With you switching the classes

Unknown Speaker  1:32:20  
between me. No, I actually lost

Speaker 9  1:32:22  
mine. Okay, yeah, because it's hard for me to read. Thanks. Thanks. Especially please marker.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:37  
Very kind of you.

Speaker 4  1:32:39  
Yeah, someone stole it. I don't know what they're gonna do.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:42  
Anything new. They like your name too much

Speaker 9  1:32:53  
because I thought two sessions if I was not, yeah, I'm trying to fix that issue, yeah, so I don't have to email you again, right? Yeah, thank you. Sorry because I've been they'll be helping me.

Angie.H Moon  1:33:04  
People have been sending me a lot of emails on attendance, so I've been trying to fix that with Adam this week. Okay, so, yeah, thanks for sending me a mail, but not repeating the mail. Yeah, I am aware that You are here everything

Unknown Speaker  1:33:28  
you That's nice.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
