So I'm going to talk about the p1 p2 p3 is my plan, and you're going to compare this with the original expectation. So p1 one, this is about the clarity is overrated and the null is clarity is regarded, or specifically is regarded, as a virtue for signal quality. On the other hand, there are theories that vagueness can help, such as strategic ambiguity, which uses the optimization bias of different investors so that it can speak to larger crowd and opaque selling and operations management, and also that's more on an investor side, the demand side and the founder side, the partial commitment, meaning that you need to search in order to evaluate the value of an option. You need to have more than one option, and you should be able to compare them. And that is that enables some planned pivoting. So this is the idea of partial commitment. Don't commit fully all. Don't go all in, in the very first stage.

So that's p1 two, and p1 three is clarity effects, early funding size and h2 is given early funding secure the LT increases or

yeah, maybe Um, among those that has received the early funding.

Those

Yeah, so maybe you can establish null in a way that the more specific ones are the ones who know more and has more developed technology.

I don't know. I think we should experiment with this. What should I put as a null, right? So whether I should put null as like given short term survival, the vaguer it is, the higher the long term survival is. That's the null hypothesis. And what's surprising was the very specific ones are also successful, and we are giving an explanation that those are already way ahead. So this, I think this is clear, right, to be honest, right? Because there are, like the,

yeah, I guess, like, we can show two sides that the specific ones VCs like them better, so they attain more resources, early funding. But like another on the other hand, given the short term survival, long term survival needs several options because their environmental certainty. So like due to strategic ambiguity from founder side and partial commitments and for plan pivoting from the founder side, we expected that the long term survival, given short term survival, would Increase by the vagueness, which turns out to be false, and we are giving explanation in the results that those are the ones with a high Technology. And so the message is those are already ahead, and how like dual Success Path, either be specific with breaks technology or deep domain knowledge, or be vague and sells butterflies well, but not both like, not in the middle, right? So this is p1 p2 is on the commitment trap. So the p2 one, the intro, we have G, P, Q, L, S, G, R, which is gospel. Is breakthrough. The more breakthrough the better. The more breakthrough technology the better. However, the puzzle is there are some cases like Lytro or some tech driven companies that failed, and the question is, breakthrough the more like the pivot option exercise is less likely to be exercised, because the value of the strike price of the pivot option is endogenous to the choice of the breakthrough technology, right? So they have chosen this opportunity to commercialize breakthrough technology means they have higher value from this technologist commercialization, and that increases the switching cost a lot. So this keyboarding option is option with a high strike price, which is very hard to exercise. Also those breakthrough attract like minded investors and co founders employees, so that The sigma of their valuation or the success probability, is e becomes sharper, sigma becomes lower, and this leads to very sharp, what I call learning trap. So like, it becomes very hard. Like, you need a very strong evidence for changing like, the same amount of change of like mu or the let's say the probability of success, right? The choice they have made on this technology, they think the probability of success is way, much higher than the others, and this is hardly changed, because sigma is very small and also mu is very high, so sigma small and mu is high, that two combined and perhaps mu high enforces The reinforces, like influences sigma to become higher, like law of large number, if you will. And that access accelerates the pivoting. So the p2 two is, there is a literature on capability as option and on capability core capability as core rigidity, and this has been on a mature company, but we are applying this to startup as well. But the thing is here the core capability is the optimism or the breakthrough technology. You Yeah. And unlike the first which was more on like dual Success Path and like technology customer, this is more on organizational side. I guess it's more pivoting operations, right? Yeah. So p3 we are moving on to p3 and here the gospel is p3 one is again. We go. We're going gospel puzzle, question, lens and solution

and map and road map, a map and yeah. And here, the fear of missing out is irrational.

Uh, anxiety is a survival instinct under puzzles, under which condition this is fear can be optimal. And the question is a little bigger meaning that, how could one manage the option numbers of options for their business model and how as a function of the commitment cost and flexibility cost, and we can make that more generalizable, meaning like how modular their solutions and the like, and how fast the market is, and also like how many competitors are out there, and what are the imitation risks, so and so, so on and so forth, right? So here the lens is news vendor model and marginal benefit equals marginal cost. So the solution k star, which is the numbers of options of a business model is a function of c over c plus r, F, my F minus 1d and here D, the inverse function is environmental uncertainty.

Yeah, so here the map is, k is higher meaning the optimal vagueness, and we explain like three phenomenons, the FOMO or Yeah, p3, two is the theory and om literature, unlimited flexibility. So there are one hand of a flexibility there, like there is a limit to it, how much to be flexible. And second literature is on destructive versus constructive ambiguity. So when to be vague by how much? And p3 three is empirical or theoretical, and we're explaining FOMO as the K increasing type, and over the air as K increasing type. So have more optionality, whereas the if you have a fat tail, like environmental uncertainty is a long tail, you may want to have k star very high. And the thing is, another one, oh, maybe we can explain four, which is the K decreases when you have a very confident founder who thinks the commitment cost is very low, meaning like this will gonna be the thing. And they think they assign almost commitment cost to zero, so they go all in.

So in some sense, the FOMO or like the a lot of portfolio can be a flexibility trap and the overconfident or very confident founders can be in a commitment trap, right? Like the example can be the technology enthusiasts, like they're very confident about their technology, so they go all in, right? So we have a full spectrum from commitment trap to a flexibility trap. And perhaps, like, Are there something in the middle? And we're saying there are. And like, one of the example, oh, maybe we can, yeah, one of the examples is like Tesla and over the air, they first lay out the hardware trips and add the software one by one, and I should need your help in order to make this story richer. But the point is, there is something in the middle that has some bonus technology, but on the software, it has some flexibility on it. And lastly, I can also explain why this the low survival rate of a techno transportation because it has a very long, thick tail, because of regulational uncertainty and like customer uncertainty, so environmental uncertainty is high, so k star should be high, but it also capital intensive, so you need to be you need fundraising, and VCs usually like the specific and precise value proposition, so they are forced to lower their K and this is like the need for capital Lords founder to be to commit, who are Then trapped waiting to be washed by the next wave of technology. So that's why the mobility Ventures has a such low success rate, especially for scaling up. So like, what should we do for that? Um, p3 four is about, like competing options, right?

So the message, I think p3 One is you can design your options.

And p2 is doubt your belief, or like Bayesian hygiene is a solution we are proposing. And p1 is dual pass to success. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
